Most Popular Feature Films Released 2015-01-01 to 2015-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Three decades after the defeat of the Galactic Empire, a new threat arises. The First Order attempts to rule the galaxy and only a ragtag group of heroes can stop them, along with the help of the Resistance.
2. Movie: The Hateful Eight
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters.
3. Movie: Fifty Shades of Grey
Genre: Drama, Romance, Thriller
Description: Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey.
4. Movie: Mad Max: Fury Road
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in postapocalyptic Australia in search for her home-land with the help of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshipper, and a drifter named Max.
5. Movie: The Revenant
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Description: A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team.
6. Movie: The Big Short
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: Four denizens in the world of high-finance predict the credit and housing bubble collapse of the mid-2000s, and decide to take on the big banks for their greed and lack of foresight.
7. Movie: The VVitch: A New-England Folktale
Genre: Horror, Mystery
Description: A family in 1630s New England is torn apart by the forces of witchcraft, black magic and possession.
8. Movie: Bridge of Spies
Genre: Drama, History, Thriller
Description: During the Cold War, an American lawyer is recruited to defend an arrested Soviet spy in court, and then help the CIA facilitate an exchange of the spy for the Soviet captured American U2 spy plane pilot, Francis Gary Powers.
9. Movie: The Visit
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Two siblings become increasingly frightened by their grandparents' disturbing behavior while visiting them on vacation.
10. Movie: Sicario
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
11. Movie: The Lobster
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods.
12. Movie: Room
Genre: Drama
Description: A young boy is raised within the confines of a small shed.
13. Movie: Ex Machina
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A young programmer is selected to participate in a ground-breaking experiment in synthetic intelligence by evaluating the human qualities of a breath-taking humanoid A.I.
14. Movie: Avengers: Age of Ultron
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: When Tony Stark and Bruce Banner try to jump-start a dormant peacekeeping program called Ultron, things go horribly wrong and it's up to Earth's Mightiest Heroes to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plans.
15. Movie: The Martian
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: An astronaut becomes stranded on Mars after his team assume him dead, and must rely on his ingenuity to find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.
16. Movie: Spotlight
Genre: Crime, Drama, History
Description: The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
17. Movie: Jurassic World
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A new theme park, built on the original site of Jurassic Park, creates a genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, which escapes containment and goes on a killing spree.
18. Movie: Spectre
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE.
19. Movie: Green Room
Genre: Crime, Horror, Thriller
Description: A punk rock band is forced to fight for survival after witnessing a murder at a neo-Nazi skinhead bar.
20. Movie: The Danish Girl
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: A fictitious love story loosely inspired by the lives of Danish artists Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener. Lili and Gerda's marriage and work evolve as they navigate Lili's groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer.
21. Movie: Demolition
Genre: Drama
Description: A successful investment banker struggles after losing his wife in a tragic car crash. With the help of a customer service rep and her young son, he starts to rebuild, beginning with the demolition of the life he once knew.
22. Movie: Legend
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Identical twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray terrorize London during the 1960s.
23. Movie: The Rezort
Genre: Horror
Description: The ReZort, a safari park, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill as many zombies as they please following an outbreak.
24. Movie: Brooklyn
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An Irish immigrant lands in 1950s Brooklyn, where she quickly falls into a romance with a local. When her past catches up with her, however, she must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within.
25. Movie: Love
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Murphy is an American living in Paris who enters a highly sexually and emotionally charged relationship with the unstable Electra. Unaware of the effect it will have on their relationship, they invite their pretty neighbor into their bed.
26. Movie: Furious Seven
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.
27. Movie: Cinderella
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Description: When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her scheming step-sisters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger.
28. Movie: Ant-Man
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.
29. Movie: The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: In the early 1960s, CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB operative Illya Kuryakin participate in a joint mission against a mysterious criminal organization, which is working to proliferate nuclear weapons.
30. Movie: Burnt
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Adam Jones (Bradley Cooper) is a chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars.
31. Movie: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: As the war of Panem escalates to the destruction of other districts, Katniss Everdeen, the reluctant leader of the rebellion, must bring together an army against President Snow, while all she holds dear hangs in the balance.
32. Movie: Inside Out
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school.
33. Movie: Everest
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: A climbing expedition on Mt. Everest is devastated by a severe snow storm.
34. Movie: Terminator Genisys
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: When John Connor, leader of the human resistance, sends Sgt. Kyle Reese back to 1984 to protect Sarah Connor and safeguard the future, an unexpected turn of events creates a fractured timeline.
35. Movie: Joy
Genre: Drama
Description: Joy is the story of the title character, who rose to become founder and matriarch of a powerful family business dynasty.
36. Movie: Focus
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: In the midst of veteran con man Nicky's latest scheme, a woman from his past - now an accomplished femme fatale - shows up and throws his plans for a loop.
37. Movie: Creed
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed.
38. Movie: Straight Outta Compton
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The group NWA emerges from the mean streets of Compton in Los Angeles, California, in the mid-1980s and revolutionizes Hip Hop culture with their music and tales about life in the hood.
39. Movie: Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF.
40. Movie: Black Mass
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf.
41. Movie: Colonia
Genre: Drama, Romance, Thriller
Description: A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend that draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody has ever escaped from.
42. Movie: Eye in the Sky
Genre: Drama, Thriller, War
Description: Col. Katherine Powell, a military officer in command of an operation to capture terrorists in Kenya, sees her mission escalate when a girl enters the kill zone triggering an international dispute over the implications of modern warfare.
43. Movie: In the Heart of the Sea
Genre: Action, Adventure, Biography
Description: A recounting of a New England whaling ship's sinking by a giant whale in 1820, an experience that later inspired the great novel Moby-Dick.
44. Movie: The Age of Adaline
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A young woman, born at the turn of the 20th century, is rendered ageless after an accident. After many solitary years, she meets a man who complicates the eternal life she has settled into.
45. Movie: The Intern
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovered that retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be. Seizing an opportunity to get back in the game, he becomes a senior intern at an online fashion site, founded and run by Jules Ostin.
46. Movie: Spy
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster.
47. Movie: Last Knights
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: A fallen warrior rises against a corrupt and sadistic ruler to avenge his dishonored master.
48. Movie: Knock Knock
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller
Description: When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.
49. Movie: Secret in Their Eyes
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A tight-knit team of rising investigators, along with their supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered.
50. Movie: The Invitation
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: While attending a dinner party at his former home, a man thinks his ex-wife and her new husband have sinister intentions for their guests.
