Most Popular Feature Films Released 1997-01-01 to 1997-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Titanic
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic.
2. Movie: Good Will Hunting
Genre: Drama
Description: Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
3. Movie: Le cinquième élément
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr Zorg at bay.
4. Movie: Boogie Nights
Genre: Drama
Description: The story of a young man's adventures in the Californian pornography industry of the late 1970s and early 1980s.
5. Movie: Con Air
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Newly paroled ex-con and former U.S. Ranger Cameron Poe finds himself trapped in a prisoner transport plane when the passengers seize control.
6. Movie: La vita è bella
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.
7. Movie: Chasing Amy
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's gay.
8. Movie: L.A. Confidential
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: As corruption grows in 1950s LA, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.
9. Movie: Hercules
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The son of the Greek Gods Zeus and Hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it.
10. Movie: Lolita
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A man marries his landlady so he can take advantage of her daughter.
11. Movie: The Game
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Nicholas Van Orton is a very wealthy San Francisco banker, but he is an absolute loner, even spending his birthday alone. In the year of his 48th birthday (the age his father committed ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: Starship Troopers
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Humans in a fascistic, militaristic future do battle with giant alien bugs in a fight for survival.
13. Movie: Batman &amp; Robin
Genre: Action, Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: Batman and Robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing Gotham City.
14. Movie: Mononoke-hime
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: On a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, the Mononoke Hime.
15. Movie: Alien: Resurrection
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Two centuries after her death, Ellen Ripley is revived as a powerful human/alien hybrid clone who must continue her war against the aliens.
16. Movie: Liar Liar
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A fast-track lawyer can't lie for 24 hours due to his son's birthday wish after he turns his son down for the last time.
17. Movie: Contact
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: Dr. Ellie Arroway, after years of searching, finds conclusive radio proof of intelligent aliens, who send plans for a mysterious machine.
18. Movie: The Devil's Advocate
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: An exceptionally adept Florida lawyer is offered a job to work in New York City for a high-end law firm with a high-end boss - the biggest opportunity of his career to date.
19. Movie: Gattaca
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A genetically inferior man assumes the identity of a superior one in order to pursue his lifelong dream of space travel.
20. Movie: My Best Friend's Wedding
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: When a woman's long-time friend reveals he's engaged, she realizes she loves him herself and sets out to get him, with only days before the wedding.
21. Movie: Men in Black
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth.
22. Movie: Event Horizon
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A rescue crew investigates a spaceship that disappeared into a black hole and has now returned...with someone or something new on-board.
23. Movie: Jackie Brown
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: A middle-aged woman finds herself in the middle of a huge conflict that will either make her a profit or cost her life.
24. Movie: The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A research team is sent to the Jurassic Park Site B island to study the dinosaurs there while another team approaches with another agenda.
25. Movie: Scream 2
Genre: Horror, Mystery
Description: Two years after the first series of murders, a new psychopath dons the Ghostface costume and a new string of killings begins.
26. Movie: Anastasia
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family joins two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death.
27. Movie: Tomorrow Never Dies
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond heads to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage.
28. Movie: As Good as It Gets
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A single mother/waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is assaulted in a robbery.
29. Movie: Donnie Brasco
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: An FBI undercover agent infiltrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life, at the expense of his regular one.
30. Movie: Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A 1960s hipster secret agent is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest enemy in the 1990s, where his social attitudes are glaringly out of place.
31. Movie: G.I. Jane
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail.
32. Movie: Face/Off
Genre: Action, Crime, Sci-Fi
Description: In order to foil an extortion plot, an FBI agent undergoes a face-transplant surgery and assumes the identity and physical appearance of a ruthless terrorist, but the plan turns from bad to worse when the same criminal impersonates the cop.
33. Movie: Lost Highway
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: After a bizarre encounter at a party, a jazz saxophonist is framed for the murder of his wife and sent to prison, where he inexplicably morphs into a young mechanic and begins leading a new life.
34. Movie: I Know What You Did Last Summer
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: After a nasty accident, four friends begin to drift apart. One year later Julie James gets a anonymous message and then a slicker wearing, hook wielding killer begins to rip apart her life.
35. Movie: Mortal Kombat: Annihilation
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A group of martial arts warriors have only six days to save the Earth from an extra-dimensional invasion.
36. Movie: Cube
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: Six complete strangers of widely varying personality characteristics are involuntarily placed in an endless kafkaesque maze containing deadly traps.
37. Movie: Amistad
Genre: Drama, History
Description: About a 1839 mutiny aboard a slave ship that is traveling towards the northeastern coast of America. Much of the story involves a court-room drama about the free man who led the revolt.
38. Movie: Air Force One
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Hijackers seize the plane carrying the President of the United States and his family, but he - an ex-soldier - works from hiding to defeat them.
39. Movie: Home Alone 3
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Family
Description: Alex Pruitt, a young boy of nine living in Chicago, fend off thieves who seek a top-secret chip in his toy car to support a North Korean terrorist organization's next deed.
40. Movie: Cop Land
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: The sheriff of a suburban New Jersey community populated by New York City police officers slowly discovers the town is a front for mob connections and corruption.
41. Movie: Grosse Pointe Blank
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Martin Blank is a professional assassin. He is sent on a mission to a small Detroit suburb, Grosse Pointe, and, by coincidence, his ten-year high school reunion party is taking place there at the same time.
42. Movie: The Rainmaker
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: An underdog lawyer takes on a fraudulent Insurance company.
43. Movie: Kiss the Girls
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Police hunting for a serial kidnapper are helped when a victim manages to escape for the first time.
44. Movie: Spawn
Genre: Action, Horror
Description: An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil.
45. Movie: The Ice Storm
Genre: Drama
Description: 1973, suburban New Canaan, Connecticut: middle class families experimenting with casual sex and substance abuse find their lives beyond their control.
46. Movie: George of the Jungle
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A man raised in the jungle by apes falls in love with a wealthy American heiress.
47. Movie: The Jackal
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: An imprisoned IRA fighter is freed to help stop a brutal, seemingly "faceless" assassin from completing his next job.
48. Movie: Funny Games
Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror
Description: Two violent young men take a mother, father, and son hostage in their vacation cabin and force them to play sadistic "games" with one another for their own amusement.
49. Movie: Anaconda
Genre: Action, Adventure, Horror
Description: A "National Geographic" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who takes them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake.
50. Movie: The Full Monty
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity.
