Most Popular Feature Films Released 2001-01-01 to 2001-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
2. Movie: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle Earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.
3. Movie: Pearl Harbor
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: A tale of war and romance mixed in with history. The story follows two lifelong friends and a beautiful nurse who are caught up in the horror of an infamous Sunday morning in 1941.
4. Movie: Donnie Darko
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a man in a large rabbit suit who manipulates him to commit a series of crimes, after he narrowly escapes a bizarre accident.
5. Movie: Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.
6. Movie: Mulholland Dr.
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Drive renders a woman amnesiac, she and a perky Hollywood-hopeful search for clues and answers across Los Angeles in a twisting venture beyond dreams and reality.
7. Movie: Black Hawk Down
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: 160 elite U.S. soldiers drop into Somalia to capture two top lieutenants of a renegade warlord and find themselves in a desperate battle with a large force of heavily-armed Somalis.
8. Movie: A Beautiful Mind
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: AfterJohn Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.
9. Movie: Ocean's Eleven
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: Danny Ocean and his eleven accomplices plan to rob three Las Vegas casinos simultaneously.
10. Movie: The Fast and the Furious
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy.
11. Movie: Amélie
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Amlie is an innocent and naive girl in Paris with her own sense of justice. She decides to help those around her and, along the way, discovers love.
12. Movie: Bridget Jones's Diary
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A British woman is determined to improve herself while she looks for love in a year in which she keeps a personal diary.
13. Movie: Hannibal
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Living in exile, Hannibal Lecter tries to reconnect with now disgraced FBI agent Clarice Starling and finds himself a target for revenge from a powerful victim.
14. Movie: Not Another Teen Movie
Genre: Comedy
Description: A sendup of all the teen movies that have accumulated in the past two decades.
15. Movie: Training Day
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: On his first day on the job as a Los Angeles narcotics officer, a rookie cop goes on a 24-hour training course with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears.
16. Movie: Blow
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The story of George Jung, the man who established the American cocaine market in the 1970s.
17. Movie: Moulin Rouge!
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: A poet falls for a beautiful courtesan whom a jealous duke covets.
18. Movie: The Princess Diaries
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: Mia Thermopolis has just found out that she is the heir apparent to the throne of Genovia. With her friends Lilly and Michael Moscovitz in tow, she tries to navigate through the rest of her 16th year.
19. Movie: Monsters, Inc.
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: In order to power the city, monsters have to scare children so that they scream. However, the children are toxic to the monsters, and after a child gets through, 2 monsters realize things may not be what they think.
20. Movie: Shrek
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: After his swamp is filled with magical creatures, Shrek agrees to rescue Princess Fiona for a villainous lord in order to get his land back.
21. Movie: Y tu mamá también
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: In Mexico, two teenage boys and an attractive older woman embark on a road trip and learn a thing or two about life, friendship, sex, and each other.
22. Movie: Super Troopers
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Five Vermont state troopers, avid pranksters with a knack for screwing up, try to save their jobs and out-do the local police department by solving a crime.
23. Movie: The Mummy Returns
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror.
24. Movie: Planet of the Apes
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: An Air Force astronaut crash lands on a mysterious planet where evolved, talking apes dominate a race of primitive humans.
25. Movie: Bully
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: A pack of nave teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much.
26. Movie: Artificial Intelligence: AI
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: A highly advanced robotic boy longs to become "real" so that he can regain the love of his human mother.
27. Movie: Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
Genre: Comedy
Description: The comic 'Bluntman and Chronic' is based on real-life stoners Jay and Silent Bob, so when they get no profit from a big-screen adaptation they set out to wreck the movie.
28. Movie: Enemy at the Gates
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: A Russian and a German sniper play a game of cat-and-mouse during the Battle of Stalingrad.
29. Movie: A Knight's Tale
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: After his master dies, a peasant squire, fueled by his desire for food and glory, creates a new identity for himself as a knight.
30. Movie: Legally Blonde
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: When a blonde sorority queen is dumped by her boyfriend, she decides to follow him to law school to get him back and, once there, learns she has more legal savvy than she ever imagined.
31. Movie: Vanilla Sky
Genre: Fantasy, Mystery, Romance
Description: A self-indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover.
32. Movie: Jason X
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Jason Voorhees returns with a new look, a new machete, and his same murderous attitude as he is awakened on a spaceship in the 25th century.
33. Movie: Zoolander
Genre: Comedy
Description: At the end of his career, a clueless fashion model is brainwashed to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia.
34. Movie: The Royal Tenenbaums
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: An estranged family of former child prodigies reunites when their father announces he is terminally ill.
35. Movie: Monster's Ball
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After a family tragedy, a racist prison guard reexamines his attitudes while falling in love with the African American wife of the last prisoner he executed.
36. Movie: Lucía y el sexo
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Various lives converge on an isolated island, all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life.
37. Movie: Jeepers Creepers
Genre: Horror, Mystery
Description: A brother and sister driving home through isolated countryside for spring break encounter a flesh-eating creature which is on the last day of its ritualistic eating spree.
38. Movie: Serendipity
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A couple reunite years after the night they first met, fell in love, and separated, convinced that one day they'd end up together.
39. Movie: American Pie 2
Genre: Comedy
Description: In this sequel to the hit comedyAmerican Pie(1999), the high school students are now in college. These close friends decide to meet up at the beach house for some fun.
40. Movie: The Others
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A woman who lives in a darkened old house with her two photosensitive children becomes convinced that her family home is haunted.
41. Movie: Along Came a Spider
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: When a congressman's daughter under Secret Service protection is kidnapped from a private school, detective Alex Cross investigates the case even though he's recovering from the loss of his partner.
42. Movie: Shallow Hal
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound woman because of her "inner beauty".
43. Movie: Spy Game
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Retiring CIA agent Nathan Muir recalls his training of Tom Bishop while working against agency politics to free him from his Chinese captors.
44. Movie: Wet Hot American Summer
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Set on the last day of camp, in the hot summer of 1981, a group of counselors try to complete their unfinished business before the day ends.
45. Movie: Atlantis: The Lost Empire
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure
Description: A young adventurer named Milo Thatch joins an intrepid group of explorers to find the mysterious lost continent of Atlantis.
46. Movie: Jurassic Park III
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A decidedly odd couple with ulterior motives convince Dr. Alan Grant to go to Isla Sorna (the second InGen dinosaur lab.), resulting in an unexpected landing...and unexpected new inhabitants on the island.
47. Movie: Intimacy
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A failed London musician meets once a week with a woman for a series of intense sexual encounters to get away from the realities of life. But when he begins inquiring about her, it puts their relationship at risk.
48. Movie: Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Video game adventuress Lara Croft comes to life in a movie where she races against time and villains to recover powerful ancient artifacts.
49. Movie: Rush Hour 2
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Carter and Lee head to Hong Kong for vacation, but become embroiled in a counterfeit money scam.
50. Movie: Ghost World
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: With only the plan of moving in together after high school, two unusually devious friends seek direction in life. As a mere gag, they respond to a man's newspaper ad for a date, only to find it will greatly complicate their lives.
