Most Popular Feature Films Released 2000-01-01 to 2000-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Unbreakable
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A man learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident.
2. Movie: Requiem for a Dream
Genre: Drama
Description: The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.
3. Movie: Snatch
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers, and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond.
4. Movie: Gladiator
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: When a Roman general is betrayed and his family murdered by an emperor's corrupt son, he comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge.
5. Movie: Memento
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: A man juggles searching for his wife's murderer and keeping his short-term memory loss from being an obstacle.
6. Movie: American Psycho
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A wealthy New York investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he delves deeper into his violent, hedonistic fantasies.
7. Movie: X-Men
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Two mutants come to a private academy for their kind whose resident superhero team must oppose a terrorist organization with similar powers.
8. Movie: Cast Away
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A FedEx executive must transform himself physically and emotionally to survive a crash landing on a deserted island.
9. Movie: The Replacements
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: During a pro football strike, the owners hire substitute players.
10. Movie: Remember the Titans
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: The true story of a newly appointed African-American coach and his high school team on their first season as a racially integrated unit.
11. Movie: The Patriot
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: Peaceful farmer Benjamin Martin is driven to lead the Colonial Militia during the American Revolution when a sadistic British officer murders his son.
12. Movie: O Brother, Where Art Thou?
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: In the deep south during the 1930s, three escaped convicts search for hidden treasure while a relentless lawman pursues them.
13. Movie: The Cell
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: An FBI agent persuades a social worker, who is adept with a new experimental technology, to enter the mind of a comatose serial killer in order to learn where he has hidden his latest kidnap victim.
14. Movie: Almost Famous
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: A high-school boy is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone Magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour.
15. Movie: Scary Movie
Genre: Comedy
Description: A year after disposing of the body of a man they accidentally killed, a group of dumb teenagers are stalked by a bumbling serial killer.
16. Movie: Erin Brockovich
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: An unemployed single mother becomes a legal assistant and almost single-handedly brings down a California power company accused of polluting a city's water supply.
17. Movie: The Beach
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Twenty-something Richard travels to Thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map. Rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise, a tropical bliss - excited and intrigued, he sets out to find it.
18. Movie: The Emperor's New Groove
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Emperor Kuzco is turned into a llama by his ex-administrator Yzma, and must now regain his throne with the help of Pacha, the gentle llama herder.
19. Movie: Pitch Black
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A commercial transport ship and its crew are marooned on a planet full of bloodthirsty creatures that only come out to feast at night. But then, they learn that a month-long eclipse is about to occur.
20. Movie: Miss Congeniality
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: An FBI agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event.
21. Movie: Bring It On
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sport
Description: A champion high school cheerleading squad discovers its previous captain stole all their best routines from an inner-city school and must scramble to compete at this year's championships.
22. Movie: Gone in Sixty Seconds
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal 50 cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life.
23. Movie: Final Destination
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one.
24. Movie: Traffic
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A conservative judge is appointed by the President to spearhead America's escalating war against drugs, only to discover that his teenage daughter is a crack addict. Two DEA agents protect an informant. A jailed drug baron's wife attempts to carry on the family business.
25. Movie: How the Grinch Stole Christmas
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: On the outskirts of Whoville, there lives a green, revenge-seeking Grinch who plans on ruining the Christmas holiday for all of the citizens of the town.
26. Movie: Coyote Ugly
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Aspiring songwriter Violet Sanford, after getting a job at a women-run NYC bar that teases its male patrons, comes out of her shell.
27. Movie: Love &amp; Basketball
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sport
Description: In 1981 in L.A., Monica moves in next door to Quincy. They're 11, and both want to play in the NBA, just like Quincy's dad. Their love-hate relationship lasts into high school, with ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: Road Trip
Genre: Adventure, Comedy
Description: Four college buddies embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend.
29. Movie: Battlefield Earth
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: After enslavement and near extermination by an alien race in the year 3000, humanity begins to fight back.
30. Movie: Chocolat
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A woman and her daughter open a chocolate shop in a small French village that shakes up the rigid morality of the community.
31. Movie: The Family Man
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A fast-lane investment broker, offered the opportunity to see how the other half lives, wakes up to find that his sports car and girlfriend have become a mini-van and wife.
32. Movie: Wo hu cang long
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Two warriors in pursuit of a stolen sword and a notorious fugitive are led to an impetuous, physically skilled, adolescent nobleman's daughter, who is at a crossroads in her life.
33. Movie: Hollow Man
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Scientists discover how to make people invisible, but their test subject becomes an insane killer who stalks them.
34. Movie: Mission: Impossible II
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: A secret agent is sent to Sydney, to find and destroy a genetically modified disease called "Chimera".
35. Movie: Vertical Limit
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A climber must rescue his sister on top of K2, one of the world's biggest mountains.
36. Movie: Frequency
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: An accidental cross-time radio link connects father and son across 30 years. The son tries to save his father's life, but then must fix the consequences.
37. Movie: What Women Want
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: After an accident, a chauvinistic executive gains the ability to hear what women are really thinking.
38. Movie: Charlie's Angels
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Three women, detectives with a mysterious boss, retrieve stolen voice-ID software, using martial arts, tech skills, and sex appeal.
39. Movie: Romeo Must Die
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father.
40. Movie: Boiler Room
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A college dropout gets a job as a broker for a suburban investment firm, which puts him on the fast track to success, but the job might not be as legitimate as it sounds.
41. Movie: High Fidelity
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Rob, a record store owner and compulsive list maker, recounts his top five breakups, including the one in progress.
42. Movie: The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: In this live-action prequel to the 1994 comedy hit, the Flintstones and the Rubbles go on a trip to Rock Vegas, where Wilma is pursued by playboy Chip Rockefeller.
43. Movie: Me, Myself &amp; Irene
Genre: Comedy
Description: A nice-guy cop with dissociative identity disorder must protect a woman on the run from a corrupt ex-boyfriend and his associates.
44. Movie: Billy Elliot
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: A talented young boy becomes torn between his unexpected love of dance and the disintegration of his family.
45. Movie: The Gift
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A woman with extrasensory perception is asked to help find a young woman who has disappeared.
46. Movie: Amores perros
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A horrific car accident connects three stories, each involving characters dealing with loss, regret, and life's harsh realities, all in the name of love.
47. Movie: Bedazzled
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: Hopeless dweeb Elliot Richards is granted seven wishes by the Devil to snare Allison, the girl of his dreams, in exchange for his soul.
48. Movie: Where the Heart Is
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A pregnant 17-year-old rebuilds her life after being abandoned by her boyfriend at a Wal-Mart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma.
49. Movie: Little Nicky
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: After two of the devil's three sons escape Hell to wreak havoc on Earth, the devil must send his third son, the mild-mannered Nicky, to bring them back before it's too late.
50. Movie: The Watcher
Genre: Crime, Horror, Mystery
Description: David Allen Griffin is a cool killer- time and time again, he chooses a female victim, studies her for weeks till he knows her routine to the smallest detail, makes meticulous preparations ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
