Most Popular Feature Films Released 1993-01-01 to 1993-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Schindler's List
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: In German-occupied Poland during World War II, Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazi Germans.
2. Movie: Jurassic Park
Genre: Adventure, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.
3. Movie: The Sandlot
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A new kid in town is taken under the wing of a young baseball prodigy and his team in this coming of age movie set in the summer of 1962. Together, they get themselves into many adventures involving rival teams, lifeguards, and a vicious dog.
4. Movie: Dazed and Confused
Genre: Comedy
Description: The adventures of high school and junior high students on the last day of school in May 1976.
5. Movie: What's Eating Gilbert Grape
Genre: Drama
Description: After his father's death, Gilbert has to care for his mentally disabled brother, Arnie, and his morbidly obese mother, which is suddenly challenged when love walks into his life.
6. Movie: Tombstone
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating.
7. Movie: Groundhog Day
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A weatherman finds himself inexplicably living the same day over and over again.
8. Movie: True Romance
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: In Detroit, a lonely pop culture geek marries a call girl, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood. Meanwhile, the owners of the cocaine - the Mob - track them down in an attempt to reclaim it.
9. Movie: Menace II Society
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A young street hustler attempts to escape the rigors and temptations of the ghetto in a quest for a better life.
10. Movie: Free Willy
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: When a boy learns that a beloved killer whale is to be killed by the aquarium owners, the boy risks everything to free the whale.
11. Movie: Indecent Proposal
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A millionaire offers $1,000,000 to a young married couple for a night with the wife.
12. Movie: Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: Three pets escape from a California ranch to find their owners in San Francisco.
13. Movie: The Fugitive
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt.
14. Movie: Carlito's Way
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A Puerto Rican former convict, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him and lead on to a better life outside of N.Y.C.
15. Movie: Sleepless in Seattle
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A recently widowed man's son calls a radio talk-show in an attempt to find his father a partner.
16. Movie: A Bronx Tale
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A father becomes worried when a local gangster befriends his son in the Bronx in the 1960s.
17. Movie: The Three Musketeers
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The three best of the disbanded Musketeers - Athos, Porthos, and Aramis - join a young hotheaded would-be-Musketeer, D'Artagnan, to stop the Cardinal Richelieu's evil plot: to form an ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: The Nightmare Before Christmas
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: Jack Skellington, king of Halloween Town, discovers Christmas Town, but his attempts to bring Christmas to his home cause confusion.
19. Movie: Hocus Pocus
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: After three centuries, three witch sisters are resurrected in Salem, Massachusetts on Halloween night, and it is up to two teenagers, a young girl, and an immortal cat to put an end to their reign of terror once and for all.
20. Movie: Demolition Man
Genre: Action, Crime, Sci-Fi
Description: A police officer is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent nemesis who is loose in a non-violent future society.
21. Movie: Philadelphia
Genre: Drama
Description: When a man with HIV is fired by his law firm because of his condition, he hires a homophobic small time lawyer as the only willing advocate for a wrongful dismissal suit.
22. Movie: Mrs. Doubtfire
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: After a bitter divorce, an actor disguises himself as a female housekeeper to spend time with his children held in custody by his former wife.
23. Movie: Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: Serial killer Jason Voorhees' supernatural origins are revealed.
24. Movie: Addams Family Values
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A comical Gothic horror-movie-type family tries to rescue their beloved uncle from his gold-digging new love.
25. Movie: Hot Shots! Part Deux
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: "Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams.
26. Movie: The Firm
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A young lawyer joins a prestigious law firm only to discover that it has a sinister dark side.
27. Movie: Last Action Hero
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: With the help of a magic ticket, a young film fan is transported into the fictional world of his favorite action film character.
28. Movie: Cliffhanger
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: A botched mid-air heist results in suitcases full of cash being searched for by various groups throughout the Rocky Mountains.
29. Movie: Falling Down
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A borderline personality disordered defense worker frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them.
30. Movie: Robin Hood: Men in Tights
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: A spoof of Robin Hood in general andRobin Hood: Prince of Thieves(1991) in particular.
31. Movie: In the Name of the Father
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A man's coerced confession to an IRA bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.
32. Movie: Super Mario Bros.
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: Two Brooklyn plumbers, Mario and Luigi, must travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from the evil dictator King Koopa and stop him from taking over the world.
33. Movie: The Age of Innocence
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A tale of nineteenth-century New York high society in which a young lawyer falls in love with a woman separated from her husband, while he is engaged to the woman's cousin.
34. Movie: In the Line of Fire
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan couldn't save Kennedy, but he's determined not to let a clever assassin take out this president.
35. Movie: Bound by Honor
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, the film focuses on half-brothers Paco and Cruz, and their bi-racial cousin Miklo. It opens in 1972, as the three are members...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Alive
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: A Uruguayan rugby team stranded in the snow swept Andes are forced to use desperate measures to survive after a plane crash.
37. Movie: The Piano
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: A mute woman is sent to 1850s New Zealand along with her young daughter and prized piano for an arranged marriage to a wealthy landowner, but is soon lusted after by a local worker on the plantation.
38. Movie: Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit
Genre: Comedy, Family, Music
Description: The sisters come back to Delores's show to get her back as Sister Mary Clarence to teach music to a group of students in their parochial school which is doomed for closure. One of the girls...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: The Remains of the Day
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A butler who sacrificed body and soul to service in the years leading up to World War II realizes too late how misguided his loyalty was to his lordly employer.
40. Movie: This Boy's Life
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The story about the relationship between a rebellious 50s teenager and his abusive father, based on the memoirs of writer and literature professor Tobias Wolff.
41. Movie: The Secret Garden
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Description: A young British girl born and raised in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's estate. Her uncle is very distant due to the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Cool Runnings
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: When a Jamaican sprinter is disqualified from the Olympic Games, he enlists the help of a dishonored coach to start the first Jamaican Bobsled Team.
43. Movie: Much Ado About Nothing
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Young lovers Hero and Claudio, soon to wed, conspire to get verbal sparring partners and confirmed singles Benedick and Beatrice to wed as well.
44. Movie: The Beverly Hillbillies
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: A feature adaptation of the classic TV show, when nice guy redneck Jed Clampett strikes it rich when he finds black oil, and moves he and his kin to posh Beverly Hills.
45. Movie: Son in Law
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Having gotten a taste of college life, a drastically changed farm girl returns home for Thanksgiving break with her best friend, a flamboyant party animal who is clearly a fish out of water in a small farm town.
46. Movie: Sliver
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Carly Norris is a book editor living in New York City who moves into the Sliver apartment building. In the apartment building, Carly meets two of her new neighbors, author Jack Lansford who...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Geronimo: An American Legend
Genre: Drama, History, Western
Description: The story of the Apache chief and his armed resistance to the US Government's subjugation of his people.
48. Movie: Dennis the Menace
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: When his parents have to go out of town, Dennis stays with Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. The little menace is driving Mr. Wilson crazy, but Dennis is just trying to be helpful. Even to the thief who's arrived in town.
49. Movie: Grumpy Old Men
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A lifelong feud between two neighbors since childhood only gets worse when a new female neighbor moves across the street.
50. Movie: The Pelican Brief
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A law student uncovers a conspiracy, putting herself and others in danger.
