Most Popular Feature Films Released 2016-01-01 to 2016-12-31 : 
1. Movie: La La Land
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical            
Description: A jazz pianist falls for an aspiring actress in Los Angeles.
2. Movie: Split
Genre: Horror, Thriller            
Description: Three girls are kidnapped by a man with a diagnosed 23 distinct personalities, and must try and escape before the apparent emergence of a frightful new 24th.
3. Movie: Arrival
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi            
Description: When twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world, linguistics professor Louise Banks is tasked with interpreting the language of the apparent alien visitors.
4. Movie: Rogue One
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi            
Description: The Rebel Alliance makes a risky move to steal the plans for the Death Star, setting up the epic saga to follow.
5. Movie: Patriots Day
Genre: Drama, History, Thriller            
Description: The story of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing and the aftermath, which includes the city-wide manhunt to find the terrorists responsible.
6. Movie: Hidden Figures
Genre: Biography, Drama, History            
Description: Based on a true story. A team of African-American women provide NASA with important mathematical data needed to launch the program's first successful space missions.
7. Movie: Passengers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance            
Description: A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early.
8. Movie: Live by Night
Genre: Crime, Drama            
Description: A group of Boston-bred gangsters set up shop in balmy Florida during the Prohibition era, facing off against the competition and the Ku Klux Klan.
9. Movie: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy            
Description: The adventures of writer Newt Scamander in New York's secret community of witches and wizards seventy years before Harry Potter reads his book in school.
10. Movie: Hacksaw Ridge
Genre: Drama, History, War            
Description: WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.
11. Movie: Moonlight
Genre: Drama            
Description: A timeless story of human self-discovery and connection, Moonlight chronicles the life of a young black man from childhood to adulthood as he struggles to find his place in the world while growing up in a rough neighborhood of Miami.
12. Movie: Underworld: Blood Wars
Genre: Action, Horror            
Description: Vampire death dealer, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) fights to end the eternal war between the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her.
13. Movie: Sing
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Drama            
Description: In a city of humanoid animals, a hustling theater impresario's attempt to save his theater with a singing competition becomes grander than he anticipates even as its finalists' find that their lives will never be the same.
14. Movie: Silence
Genre: Drama, History            
Description: Two priests travel to Japan in an attempt to locate their mentor and propagate Catholicism.
15. Movie: The Girl on the Train
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller            
Description: A divorcee becomes entangled in a missing persons investigation that promises to send shockwaves throughout her life.
16. Movie: Grave
Genre: Horror            
Description: When a young vegetarian undergoes a carnivorous hazing ritual at vet school, an unbidden taste for meat begins to grow in her.
17. Movie: Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi            
Description: Picking up immediately after the events in Resident Evil: Retribution, Alice (Milla Jovovich) is the only survivor of what was meant to be humanity's final stand against the undead. Now, ...                See full summary
18. Movie: Assassin's Creed
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: When Callum Lynch explores the memories of his ancestor Aguilar and gains the skills of a Master Assassin, he discovers he is a descendant of the secret Assassins society.
19. Movie: The Accountant
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama            
Description: As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise.
20. Movie: Deepwater Horizon
Genre: Drama, Thriller            
Description: A dramatization of the April 2010 disaster, when the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon exploded and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
21. Movie: Suicide Squad
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: A secret government agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarcerated super-villains to form a defensive task force. Their first mission: save the world from the apocalypse.
22. Movie: The Magnificent Seven
Genre: Action, Adventure, Western            
Description: Seven gunmen in the old west gradually come together to help a poor village against savage thieves.
23. Movie: Manchester by the Sea
Genre: Drama            
Description: An uncle is asked to take care of his teenage nephew after the boy's father dies.
24. Movie: Moana
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by the Demigod Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the Demigod to set things right.
25. Movie: Nocturnal Animals
Genre: Drama, Thriller            
Description: A wealthy art gallery owner is haunted by her ex-husband's novel, a violent thriller she interprets as a symbolic revenge tale.
26. Movie: The Founder
Genre: Biography, Drama, History            
Description: The story of Ray Kroc, a salesman who turned two brothers' innovative fast food eatery, McDonald's, into one of the biggest restaurant businesses in the world with a combination of ambition, persistence, and ruthlessness.
27. Movie: A Monster Calls
Genre: Drama, Fantasy            
Description: A boy seeks the help of a tree monster to cope with his single mother's terminal illness.
28. Movie: Lion
Genre: Drama            
Description: A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the streets of Calcutta, thousands of kilometers from home. He survives many challenges before being adopted by a couple in Australia; 25 years later, he sets out to find his lost family.
29. Movie: Jack Reacher: Never Go Back
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime            
Description: Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever.
30. Movie: Trolls
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: After the Bergens invade Troll Village, Poppy, the happiest Troll ever born, and the curmudgeonly Branch set off on a journey to rescue her friends.
31. Movie: The Great Wall
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy            
Description: European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures.
32. Movie: Monster Trucks
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure            
Description: Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp (Lucas Till), a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an ...                See full summary
33. Movie: Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family            
Description: When Jacob discovers clues to a mystery that stretches across time, he finds Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. But the danger deepens after he gets to know the residents and learns about their special powers.
34. Movie: Fences
Genre: Drama            
Description: A working-class African-American father tries to raise his family in the 1950s, while coming to terms with the events of his life.
35. Movie: The Girl with All the Gifts
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller            
Description: A scientist and a teacher living in a dystopian future embark on a journey of survival with a special young girl named Melanie.
36. Movie: The Secret Life of Pets
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: The quiet life of a terrier named Max is upended when his owner takes in Duke, a stray whom Max instantly dislikes.
37. Movie: Why Him?
Genre: Comedy            
Description: A holiday gathering threatens to go off the rails when Ned Fleming realizes that his daughter's Silicon Valley billionaire boyfriend is about to pop the question.
38. Movie: Collide
Genre: Action, Thriller            
Description: An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, though he winds up on the run from his employers across Cologne high-speed Autobahn.
39. Movie: Deadpool
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: A fast-talking mercenary with a morbid sense of humor is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers and a quest for revenge.
40. Movie: Sleight
Genre: Action, Drama, Sci-Fi            
Description: A young street magician (Jacob Latimore) is left to care for his little sister after their parents passing and turns to illegal activities to keep a roof over their heads. When he gets in ...                See full summary
41. Movie: Alice Through the Looking Glass
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy            
Description: Alice returns to the whimsical world of Wonderland and travels back in time to help the Mad Hatter.
42. Movie: Keeping Up with the Joneses
Genre: Action, Comedy            
Description: A suburban couple becomes embroiled in an international espionage plot when they discover that their seemingly perfect new neighbors are government spies.
43. Movie: Dangal
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport            
Description: Biographical sports drama on former wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat and his two wrestler daughters' struggle towards glory at the Commonwealth Games in the face of societal oppression.
44. Movie: Gold
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller            
Description: Kenny Wells, a prospector desperate for a lucky break, teams up with a similarly eager geologist and sets off on a journey to find gold in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia.
45. Movie: Collateral Beauty
Genre: Drama, Romance            
Description: Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man questions the universe by writing to Love, Time and Death. Receiving unexpected answers, he begins to see how these things interlock and how even loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty.
46. Movie: Inferno
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime            
Description: When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot.
47. Movie: Jackie
Genre: Biography, Drama            
Description: Following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy fights through grief and trauma to regain her faith, console her children, and define her husband's historic legacy.
48. Movie: Hell or High Water
Genre: Crime, Drama, Western            
Description: A divorced father and his ex-con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's ranch in West Texas.
49. Movie: Youth in Oregon
Genre: Comedy, Drama            
Description: A man is tasked with driving his embittered 80-year-old father-in-law cross country to be legally euthanized in Oregon, while along the way helping him rediscover a reason for living.
50. Movie: Now You See Me 2
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy            
Description: The Four Horsemen resurface and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet.
