Most Popular Feature Films Released 1963-01-01 to 1963-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Cleopatra
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Historical epic. The triumphs and tragedy of the Egyptian queen, Cleopatra.
2. Movie: The Great Escape
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
3. Movie: The Birds
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: A wealthy San Francisco socialite pursues a potential boyfriend to a small Northern California town that slowly takes a turn for the bizarre when birds of all kinds suddenly begin to attack people.
4. Movie: From Russia with Love
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond willingly falls into an assassination ploy involving a naive Russian beauty in order to retrieve a Soviet encryption device that was stolen by SPECTRE.
5. Movie: Bye Bye Birdie
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A rock singer travels to a small Ohio town to make his "farewell" television performance and kiss his biggest fan before he is drafted.
6. Movie: 8½
Genre: Drama, Fantasy
Description: A harried movie director retreats into his memories and fantasies.
7. Movie: It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The dying words of a thief spark a madcap cross-country rush to find some treasure.
8. Movie: The Pink Panther
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Romance
Description: Inspector Clouseau travels to Rome to catch a notorious jewel thief known as "The Phantom" before he conducts his most daring heist yet--a princess' priceless diamond with one slight imperfection, known as "The Pink Panther."
9. Movie: McLintock!
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Western
Description: Wealthy rancher G.W. McLintock uses his power and influence in the territory to keep the peace between farmers, ranchers, land-grabbers, Indians and corrupt government officials.
10. Movie: The Sword in the Stone
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A poor boy named Arthur learns the power of love, kindness, knowledge and bravery with the help of a wizard called Merlin in the path to become one of the most beloved kings in England history.
11. Movie: Charade
Genre: Comedy, Mystery, Romance
Description: Romance and suspense ensue in Paris as a woman is pursued by several men who want a fortune her murdered husband had stolen. Who can she trust?
12. Movie: Summer Holiday
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A fabulous 60s Musical - 4 London Bus mechanics strike up a deal with London Transport. They do up a double decker London Bus, drive it around Europe as a hotel and if they make it they ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: Le mépris
Genre: Drama
Description: Screenwriter Paul Javal's marriage to his wife Camille disintegrates during movie production as she spends time with the producer. Layered conflicts between art and business ensue.
14. Movie: Lord of the Flies
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Description: Lost on an island, young survivors of a plane crash eventually revert to savagery despite the few rational boys' attempts to prevent that.
15. Movie: Jason and the Argonauts
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: The legendary Greek hero leads a team of intrepid adventurers in a perilous quest for the legendary Golden Fleece.
16. Movie: Il gattopardo
Genre: Drama, History
Description: The Prince of Salina, a noble aristocrat of impeccable integrity, tries to preserve his family and class amid the tumultuous social upheavals of 1860's Sicily.
17. Movie: The Courtship of Eddie's Father
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Eddie thinks it is time for his father to remarry. However, in his opinion his father's taste in women leaves much to be desired. He believes the girl next door would be a far better choice...
18. Movie: The Haunting
Genre: Horror
Description: A scientist doing research on the paranormal invites two women to a haunted mansion. One of the participants soon starts losing her mind.
19. Movie: Donovan's Reef
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Romance
Description: Comedy subtly dealing with moral issues such as racial bigotry, corporate greed, American belief of societal superiority and hypocrisy.
20. Movie: Hud
Genre: Drama
Description: Honest and hard-working Texas rancher Homer Bannon has a conflict with his unscrupulous, selfish, arrogant and egotistical son Hud, who sank into alcoholism after accidentally killing his brother in a car crash.
21. Movie: The V.I.P.s
Genre: Drama
Description: Fog delays a group of travelers headed for New York. They wait at the V.I.P. lounge of London Airport, each at a moment of crisis in his or her life.
22. Movie: Move Over, Darling
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: After five years lost at sea, a missing wife thought long dead returns just after her husband remarries.
23. Movie: Irma la Douce
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: In Paris, a former policeman falls in love with a prostitute, and tries to get her out of that life by paying for all of her time.
24. Movie: Tom Jones
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, History
Description: The romantic and chivalrous adventures of adopted bastard Tom Jones in 18th century England.
25. Movie: The Nutty Professor
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: To improve his social life, a nerdish professor drinks a potion that temporarily turns him into the handsome, but obnoxious, Buddy Love.
26. Movie: The Day Mars Invaded Earth
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: Martians replace a scientist and his family to pave way for their invasion.
27. Movie: Lilies of the Field
Genre: Drama
Description: A traveling handyman becomes the answer to the prayers of nuns who wish to build a chapel in the desert.
28. Movie: Tengoku to jigoku
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: An executive of a shoe company becomes a victim of extortion when his chauffeur's son is kidnapped and held for ransom.
29. Movie: The Terror
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A young officer in Napoleon's army pursues a mysterious woman to the castle of an elderly Baron.
30. Movie: The Raven
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A magician who has been turned into a raven turns to a former sorcerer for help.
31. Movie: The Incredible Journey
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: The story of three pets, a cat and two dogs, who lose their owners when they are all on vacation. Can they find their way home?
32. Movie: Tystnaden
Genre: Drama
Description: Two sisters and a 13-year old boy travel in a fictitious foreign country. The older sister gets sick and the three move into a hotel.
33. Movie: 55 Days at Peking
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: During the 1900 Boxer Rebellion against foreigners in China, U.S. Marine Major Matt Lewis, aided by British Consul Sir Arthur Robertson, devises a strategy to keep the rebels at bay until an international military relief force arrives.
34. Movie: Summer Magic
Genre: Comedy, Family, Musical
Description: A Bostonian widow moves with her kids to the country.
35. Movie: Ieri oggi domani
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Stories about three very different women and the men they attract.
36. Movie: Dementia 13
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Whilst out on a rowboat with her husband, John, Louise Haloran kills him, and casts his body overboard, telling the family he left on an urgent business trip. Louise's main concern; she can...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The Servant
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The aristocratic Tony moves to London and hires the servant Hugo Barrett for all services at home. Barrett seems to be a loyal and competent employee, but Tony's girlfriend Susan does not ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Nattvardsgästerna
Genre: Drama
Description: A small town priest struggles with his faith.
39. Movie: Love with the Proper Stranger
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Angie Rossini is an innocent (Italian Catholic) Macy's salesgirl, who discovers she's pregnant from a fling with Rocky, a musician. Angie finds Rocky (who doesn't remember her at first) to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Call Me Bwana
Genre: Comedy
Description: A returning moon capsule with vital information goes off course and lands in Africa where the little-known Ekele tribesmen find it. Washington orders the great African Authority Matthew ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: 4 for Texas
Genre: Western, Comedy
Description: Zack Thomas is a tough guy who hooks up with Joe Jarrett to open a casino.
42. Movie: Winnetou
Genre: Western, Adventure
Description: When violent conflict breaks out between greedy railroaders and a tribe of Mescalero Apaches, only two men, destined to be blood brothers, can prevent all-out war: chief's son Winnetou and German engineer Old Shatterhand.
43. Movie: The Thrill of It All
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A housewife's sudden rise to fame as a soap spokesperson leads to chaos in her home life.
44. Movie: Son of Flubber
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi, Family
Description: When Professor Brainard experiments further on Flubber derivatives, he gets in trouble and only his students can help.
45. Movie: Shock Corridor
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: Bent on winning a Pulitzer Prize, a journalist commits himself to a mental institution to solve a strange and unclear murder.
46. Movie: It Happened at the World's Fair
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Mike and Danny fly a crop duster, but because of Danny's gambling debts, a local sheriff seizes it. Trying to earn money, they hitch-hike to the World's Fair in Seattle. While Danny tries ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Fun in Acapulco
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Mike works on a boat in Acapulco. When the bratty daughter of the boat owner gets him fired, Mike must find new work. Little boy Rauol helps him get a job as a lifeguard and singer at a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Three Lives of Thomasina
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: Thomasina the cat brings a family together, through her mysterious death and reappearance.
49. Movie: I tre volti della paura
Genre: Horror
Description: A trio of atmospheric horror tales about: A woman terrorized in her apartment by phone calls from an escaped prisoner from her past; a Russian count in the early 1800s who stumbles upon a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Mikres Afrodites
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Parallel stories of Eros set in 200 B.C. Nomadic shepherds, plagued by drought, happen on a fishing encampment with plentiful fresh water. The local men are away but will return when it ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
