Most Popular Feature Films Released 1979-01-01 to 1979-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Alien
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: After a space merchant vessel perceives an unknown transmission as distress call, their landing on the source moon finds one of the crew attacked by a mysterious lifeform. Continuing their journey back to Earth with the attacked crew having recovered and the critter deceased, they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun.
2. Movie: Apocalypse Now
Genre: Drama, War
Description: During the Vietnam War, Captain Willard is sent on a dangerous mission into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade colonel who has set himself up as a god among a local tribe.
3. Movie: The Warriors
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: In the near future, a charismatic leader summons the street gangs of New York City in a bid to take it over. When he is killed, The Warriors are falsely blamed and now must fight their way home while every other gang is hunting them down.
4. Movie: Mad Max
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: In a self-destructing world, a vengeful Australian policeman sets out to stop a violent motorcycle gang.
5. Movie: Caligola
Genre: Drama, History
Description: Details the graphic and shocking, yet undeniably tragic story of Rome's most infamous Caesar, Gaius Germanicus Caligula.
6. Movie: Stalker
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: A guide leads two men through an area known as the Zone to find a room that grants wishes.
7. Movie: Star Trek: The Motion Picture
Genre: Adventure, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: When an alien spacecraft of enormous power is spotted approaching Earth, Admiral Kirk resumes command of the Starship Enterprise in order to intercept, examine and hopefully stop the intruder.
8. Movie: Kramer vs. Kramer
Genre: Drama
Description: Ted Kramer's wife leaves her husband, allowing for a lost bond to be rediscovered between Ted and his son, Billy. But a heated custody battle ensues over the divorced couple's son, deepening the wounds left by the separation.
9. Movie: Life of Brian
Genre: Comedy
Description: Brian is born on the original Christmas, in the stable next door. He spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.
10. Movie: The Jerk
Genre: Comedy
Description: An idiotic man struggles to make it through life on his own in St. Louis.
11. Movie: Manhattan
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The life of a divorced television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress.
12. Movie: Quadrophenia
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: London, 1965: Like many other youths, Jimmy hates the philistine life, especially his parents and his job in a company's mailing division. Only when he's together with his friends, a 'Mod' ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: 10
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A Hollywood lyricist goes through a mid-life crisis and becomes infatuated with a sexy, newly married woman.
14. Movie: Rocky II
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: Rocky struggles in family life after his bout with Apollo Creed, while the embarrassed champ insistently goads him to accept a challenge for a rematch.
15. Movie: Being There
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A simple, sheltered gardener becomes an unlikely trusted advisor to a powerful businessman and an insider in Washington politics.
16. Movie: Phantasm
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A teenage boy and his friends face off against a mysterious grave robber known only as the Tall Man, who keeps a lethal arsenal of terrible weapons with him.
17. Movie: Escape from Alcatraz
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Alcatraz is the most secure prison of its time. It is believed that no one can ever escape from it, until three daring men make a possible successful attempt at escaping from one of the most infamous prisons in the world.
18. Movie: Breaking Away
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A small-town boy obsessed with the Italian cycling team vies for the affections of a college girl.
19. Movie: Hair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Claude leaves the family ranch in Oklahoma for New York where he is rapidly indoctrinated into the youth subculture and subsequently drafted.
20. Movie: The Amityville Horror
Genre: Horror
Description: Newlyweds move into a large house where a mass murder was committed, and experience strange manifestations which drive them away.
21. Movie: I... comme Icare
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: After the recently re-elected President of a fictitious state has been assassinated, one of the members of the investigation committee refuses to sign the final report and is given the task...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: Moonraker
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: James Bond investigates the mid-air theft of a space shuttle and discovers a plot to commit global genocide.
23. Movie: All That Jazz
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Director/choreographerBob Fossetells his own life story as he details the sordid life of Joe Gideon, a womanizing, drug-using dancer.
24. Movie: The Black Hole
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: A research vessel finds a missing ship, commanded by a mysterious scientist, on the edge of a black hole.
25. Movie: 1941
Genre: Action, Comedy, War
Description: Hysterical Californians prepare for a Japanese invasion in the days after Pearl Harbor.
26. Movie: Meatballs
Genre: Comedy
Description: Wacky hijinks of counselors and campers at a less-than-average summer camp.
27. Movie: The Champ
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: Billy Flynn, a former boxing champion, is now horse trainer in Hialeah. He makes just enough money to raise his little boy T.J., over whom he got custody after his wife Annie left him seven...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: Penitentiary
Genre: Crime, Drama, Sport
Description: A hitchhiker named Martel Gordone gets in a fight with two bikers over a prostitute, and one of the bikers is killed. Gordone is arrested and sent to prison, where he joins the prison's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: Tess
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A strong-willed young peasant girl becomes the affection of two men.
30. Movie: The Wanderers
Genre: Drama
Description: Set against the urban jungle of 1963 New York's gangland subculture, this coming of age teenage movie is set around the Italian gang the Wanderers. Slight comedy, slight High School angst ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: ...and justice for all.
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A lawyer is forced to defend a guilty judge, while defending other innocent clients, and trying to find punishment for the guilty and provide justice for the innocent.
32. Movie: Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht
Genre: Horror
Description: Jonathan and Lucy live in Wismar and the Count wants a house there. Varna is a port on the Black Sea, close to Dracula's castle.
33. Movie: Time After Time
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: H.G. Wells pursues Jack the Ripper to the 20th Century when the serial murderer uses the future writer's time machine to escape his time period.
34. Movie: Quintet
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: During a future ice age, dying humanity occupies its remaining time by playing a board game called "Quintet." For one small group, this obsession is not enough; they play the game with living pieces ... and only the winner survives.
35. Movie: The First Great Train Robbery
Genre: Adventure, Crime, Drama
Description: In Victorian England, a master criminal makes elaborate plans to steal a shipment of gold from a moving train.
36. Movie: The Muppet Movie
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: Kermit and his new found friends trek across America to find success in Hollywood, but a frog-legs merchant is after Kermit.
37. Movie: The Rose
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: The tragic life of a self-destructive female rock star who struggles to deal with the constant pressures of her career and the demands of her ruthless business manager.
38. Movie: The Brood
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A man tries to uncover an unconventional psychologist's therapy techniques on his institutionalized wife, amidst a series of brutal murders.
39. Movie: Over the Edge
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A group of bored teenagers rebel against authority in the community of New Granada after the death of one of their own.
40. Movie: Chapter Two
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: George Schneider is an author whose wife had just died. His brother Leo gives him the number of Jennie Malone, and somehow they hit it off. And just when things are moving along, the memory...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: The Villain
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: "Cactus" Jack Slade (Douglas) is the meanest bad man in the west or so he thinks. When a bank robbery goes awry, he lands in jail facing a hangman's noose! When the corrupt owner of the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: La luna
Genre: Drama
Description: While touring in Italy, a recently-widowed American opera singer has an incestuous relationship with her 15-year-old son to help him overcome his heroin addiction.
43. Movie: The Black Stallion
Genre: Adventure, Family, Sport
Description: While traveling with his father, young Alec becomes fascinated by a mysterious Arabian stallion who is brought on board and stabled in the ship he is sailing on. When it tragically sinks ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Zombi 2
Genre: Horror
Description: Strangers searching for a young woman's missing father arrive at a tropical island where a doctor desperately searches for the cause and cure of a recent epidemic of the undead.
45. Movie: When a Stranger Calls
Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror
Description: A psychopathic killer terrorizes a babysitter, then returns seven years later to menace her again.
46. Movie: Die Blechtrommel
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Danzig in the 1920s/1930s. Oskar Matzerath, son of a local dealer, is a most unusual boy. Equipped with full intellect right from his birth he decides at his third birthday not to grow up ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Hardcore
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A conservative Midwest businessman ventures into the sordid underworld of pornography in California to look for his runaway teenage daughter who is making porno films in California's porno pits.
48. Movie: Scum
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Uncompromising story of life in a Borstal prison, a British juvenile offender institution in the 70's
49. Movie: The Electric Horseman
Genre: Comedy, Western, Drama
Description: Sonny Steele used to be a rodeo star, but his next appearance is to be on a Las Vegas stage, wearing a suit covered in lights, advertising a breakfast cereal. When he finds out they are ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The China Syndrome
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A reporter finds what appears to be a cover-up of safety hazards at a nuclear power plant.
