Most Popular Feature Films Released 1937-01-01 to 1937-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: Snow White, pursued by a jealous queen, hides with the Dwarfs; the queen soon learns of this and prepares to feed her a poison apple.
2. Movie: The Prince and the Pauper
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: Two look-alike boys, one a poor street kid and the other a prince, exchange places to see what the other's life is like.
3. Movie: La Grande Illusion
Genre: Drama, War
Description: During the First World War, two French soldiers are captured and imprisoned in a German P.O.W. camp. Several escape attempts follow until they are sent to a seemingly impenetrable fortress which seems impossible to escape from.
4. Movie: The King and the Chorus Girl
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Ex-King Alfred VII is a young, handsome, and charming erstwhile monarch who once ruled a nation of two million people. Now all he has left are his Count Humbert and Duchess Anna, along with...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
5. Movie: The Awful Truth
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Unfounded suspicions lead a married couple to begin divorce proceedings, whereupon they start undermining each other's attempts to find new romance.
6. Movie: Lost Horizon
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A plane crash delivers a group of people to the secluded land of Shangri-La -- but is it the miraculous utopia it appears to be?
7. Movie: The Thirteenth Chair
Genre: Drama
Description: Inspector Marney of Scotland Yard travels to Calcutta to investigate the murder of Leonard Lee, a generally despised man in these parts. John Wales, who did consider Lee a friend - his best...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: Heidi
Genre: Family, Drama
Description: A plucky little orphan girl gets dumped abruptly into her gruff, hermit grandfather's care, then later gets retaken and delivered as a companion for an injured girl.
9. Movie: Topper
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A fun-loving couple, finding that they died and are now ghosts, decide to shake up the stuffy lifestyle of a friend of theirs.
10. Movie: Shall We Dance
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A budding romance between a ballet master and a tap dancer becomes complicated when rumors surface that they're already married.
11. Movie: Captains Courageous
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: Harvey Cheyne is a spoiled brat used to having his own way. When a prank goes wrong onboard an ocean liner Harvey ends up overboard and nearly drowns. Fortunately he's picked up by a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: A Star Is Born
Genre: Drama
Description: A young woman comes to Hollywood with dreams of stardom, but achieves them only with the help of an alcoholic leading man whose best days are behind him.
13. Movie: The Good Earth
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The story of a farmer in China: a story of humility and bravery. His father gives Wang Lung a freed slave as wife. By diligence and frugality the two manage to enlarge their property. But ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
14. Movie: Stage Door
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A boardinghouse full of aspiring actresses and their ambitions, dreams and disappointments.
15. Movie: Dead End
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The Dead End Kids, an unemployed architect, and gangster Baby Face Martin interact with an East Side neighborhood over one day and night.
16. Movie: Young and Innocent
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Romance
Description: Man on the run from a murder charge enlists a beautiful stranger who must put herself at risk for his cause.
17. Movie: Make Way for Tomorrow
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An elderly couple are forced to separate when they lose their house and none of their five children will take both parents in.
18. Movie: Way Out West
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: Stan and Ollie are charged with delivering the deed to a valuable gold mine to the daughter of a dead prospector. However they reckon without the machinations of her evil guardian Mickey ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
19. Movie: A Day at the Races
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Sport
Description: A veterinarian posing as a doctor, a race-horse owner and his friends struggle to help keep a sanitarium open with the help of a misfit race-horse.
20. Movie: The Life of Emile Zola
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The biopic of the famous French muckraking writer and his involvement in fighting the injustice of the Dreyfuss Affair.
21. Movie: The Hurricane
Genre: Action, Drama, Romance
Description: A Polynesian sailor -- unjustly imprisoned after defending himself against a colonial bully -- is relentlessly persecuted by his island's martinet French governor.
22. Movie: Fire Over England
Genre: Adventure, History, Romance
Description: Queen Elizabeth is running this show. The men in her court should be thinking about how to add to the glory of the Elizabethan Age and how to foil those pesky Spanish who got far too much ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Stella Dallas
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A low-class woman is willing to do whatever it takes to give her daughter a socially promising future.
24. Movie: Nothing Sacred
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An eccentric woman learns she is not dying of radium poisoning as earlier assumed, but when she meets a reporter looking for a story, she feigns sickness again for her own profit.
25. Movie: You Only Live Once
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The public defender's secretary and an ex-convict get married and try to make a life together, but a series of disasters sends their lives spiraling out of control.
26. Movie: Saratoga
Genre: Drama, Comedy, Romance
Description: After winning a stud farm in lieu of gambling debts, bookie Duke Bradley turns an eye to the daughter of the now deceased gambler and her millionaire fiance.
27. Movie: Stand-In
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A former child star falls in love with a stuffy accountant, who wants to learn why his firm's movie studio is losing money.
28. Movie: Easy Living
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: J.B. Ball, a rich financier, gets fed up with his free-spending family. He takes his wife's just-bought (very expensive) sable coat and throws it off the roof, it lands on poor hard-working...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: A Damsel in Distress
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Lady Alyce Marshmorton must marry soon, and the staff of Tottney Castle have laid bets on who she'll choose, with young Albert wagering on "Mr. X." After Alyce goes to London to meet a beau...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Double Wedding
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Two sisters of differing temperaments, the younger's milquetoast fianc, and a free spirited artist in an auto trailer have romantic complications in this screwball comedy.
31. Movie: The Toast of New York
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: Notorious robber baron financier Jim Fisk, who makes and loses fortunes, tries to corner the gold market as well as the heart of a beautiful actress.
32. Movie: The Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Paris is Burning! Under the Iron Fist of Robespierre hundreds are executed, by the swift and bloodstained guillotine. Through these acts of injustice a new heroism is born - The League of The Scarlet Pimpernel.
33. Movie: The Prisoner of Zenda
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: An Englishman on a Ruritarian holiday must impersonate the king when the rightful monarch, a distant cousin, is drugged and kidnapped.
34. Movie: Kid Galahad
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Fight promoter Nick Donati grooms a bellhop as a future champ, but has second thoughts when the 'kid' falls for his sister.
35. Movie: Wee Willie Winkie
Genre: Adventure, Family
Description: Priscilla Williams is a young girl traveling with her mother, Joyce, to join her paternal grandfather, a British army colonel, at the post he commands in northern India. Upon arrival, they ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: They Won't Forget
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A politically ambitious district attorney, unscrupulous tabloid journalists, and regional prejudice combine to charge a teacher with the murder of his student.
37. Movie: San Quentin
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: An army trainer becomes captain of the prison yard and in time, falls for the sister of a hardened inmate.
38. Movie: Hollywood Hotel
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Ronny Bowers, a saxophonist inBenny Goodman's band has won a talent contest an got a ten week contract with a film studio. On his first evening he is supposed to go with the studio's star ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Night Must Fall
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: When a rich but cantankerous dowager on an isolated estates hires an engaging handyman, her niece/companion becomes suspicious of his motives.
40. Movie: Mannequin
Genre: Drama
Description: Rags-to-riches Hennessey meets newlyweds Jessie and Eddie from his old neighborhood. Eddie plots to have Jessie divorce him, marry Hennessey, divorce Hennessey, then bring Hennessey's money...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Conquest
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: A Polish countess becomes Napoleon Bonaparte's mistress at the urging of Polish leaders, who feel she could influence him to make Poland independent.
42. Movie: Oh, Mr. Porter!
Genre: Comedy
Description: With the help of a relative, a hopeless railway employee is made stationmaster of Buggleskelly. Determined to make his mark, he devises a number of schemes to put Buggleskelly on the railway map, but instead falls foul of a gang of gun runners.
43. Movie: When You're in Love
Genre: Romance, Musical, Comedy
Description: Artist Jimmy Hudson (Cary Grant) is stuck in Mexico unable to pay his hotel bill. Meanwhile, Louise Fuller (Grace Moore) opera singer is stuck in the same town unable to return to the US ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: In Old Chicago
Genre: Action, Drama, Musical
Description: The O'Leary brothers -- honest Jack and roguish Dion -- become powerful figures, and eventually rivals, in Chicago on the eve of its Great Fire.
45. Movie: Seventh Heaven
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A Parisian sewer worker longs for a rise in status and a beautiful wife. He rescues a girl from the police, lives with her in a barren flat on the seventh floor, and then marches away to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Born to the West
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Can Dare Rudd prove he is responsible enough to win the heart of Judy and also outwit the crooked saloon owner?
47. Movie: Black Legion
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: When a hard-working machinist loses a promotion to a Polish-born worker, he is seduced into joining the secretive Black Legion, which intimidates foreigners through violence.
48. Movie: Marked Woman
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A crusading DA persuades a clip joint "party girl" to testify against her mobster boss after her innocent sister is accidentally murdered during one of his unsavory "parties".
49. Movie: Maytime
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: An elderly Miss Morrison recounts her life as the once young and beautiful opera singer Marcia Morney-then the toast of Napoleon III's Paris. One evening, she encounters an American voice ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Gueule d'amour
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Lucien Bourrache, a good looking non-commissioned officer at the Spahis, is used to charm many women. He met Madeleine Courtois at Cannes. She is beautiful and lives in luxury. He lends her...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
