Most Popular Feature Films Released 1939-01-01 to 1939-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Wizard of Oz
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: Dorothy Gale is swept away to a magical land in a tornado and embarks on a quest to see the Wizard who can help her return home.
2. Movie: Gone with the Wind
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: A manipulative Southern belle carries on a turbulent affair with a blockade runner during the American Civil War.
3. Movie: The Saint Strikes Back
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Simon Templar, the Saint, travels to San Francisco to solve crime mysteries within the police department.
4. Movie: Stagecoach
Genre: Adventure, Western
Description: A group of people traveling on a stagecoach find their journey complicated by the threat of Geronimo and learn something about each other in the process.
5. Movie: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.
6. Movie: The Saint in London
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: The Saint returns to London and with the help of an American pickpocket and a beautiful adventuress breaks a counterfeiting ring.
7. Movie: The Hunchback of Notre Dame
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In 15th century France, a gypsy girl is framed for murder by the infatuated Chief Justice, and only the deformed bellringer of Notre Dame Cathedral can save her.
8. Movie: Wuthering Heights
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A servant in the house of Wuthering Heights tells a traveler the unfortunate tale of lovers Cathy and Heathcliff.
9. Movie: The Women
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A study of the lives and romantic entanglements of various interconnected women.
10. Movie: Gunga Din
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, War
Description: In 19th century India, three British soldiers and a native waterbearer must stop a secret mass revival of the murderous Thuggee cult before it can rampage across the land.
11. Movie: Of Mice and Men
Genre: Drama
Description: Two itinerant migrant workers, one mentally disabled and the other his carer, take jobs as ranch hands during the Great Depression to fulfill their shared dream of owning their own ranch.
12. Movie: La règle du jeu
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A bourgeois life in France at the onset of World War II, as the rich and their poor servants meet up at a French chateau.
13. Movie: The Little Princess
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A little girl is left by her father in an exclusive seminary for girls, due to her father having to go to Africa with the army.
14. Movie: Drums Along the Mohawk
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Newlyweds Gil and Lana Martin try to establish a farm in the Mohawk Valley but are menaced by Indians and Tories as the Revolutinary War begins.
15. Movie: The Hound of the Baskervilles
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson investigate the legend of a supernatural hound, a beast that may be stalking a young heir on the fog-shrouded moorland that makes up his estate.
16. Movie: Ninotchka
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A stern Russian woman sent to Paris on official business finds herself attracted to a man who represents everything she is supposed to detest.
17. Movie: The Roaring Twenties
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Three men attempt to make a living in Prohibitionist America after returning home from fighting together in World War I.
18. Movie: Goodbye, Mr. Chips
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An aged teacher and former headmaster of a boarding school recalls his career and his personal life over the decades.
19. Movie: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: The master sleuth hunts his archenemy, Professor Moriarty, who is planning the crime of the century.
20. Movie: Destry Rides Again
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: When a tough western town needs taming, the mild-mannered son of a hard-nosed sheriff gets the job.
21. Movie: Only Angels Have Wings
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: At a remote South American trading port, the manager of an air freight company is forced to risk his pilots' lives in order to win an important contract.
22. Movie: Jamaica Inn
Genre: Adventure, Crime
Description: In Cornwall in 1819, a young woman discovers that she's living near a gang of criminals who arrange shipwrecks for profit.
23. Movie: The Flying Deuces
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: Oliver is heartbroken when he finds that Georgette, the inkeeper's daughter he's fallen in love with, is already married to dashing Foreign Legion officer Francois. To forget her, he joins ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A depiction of the love/hate relationship between Queen Elizabeth I and Robert Devereux, the Earl of Essex.
25. Movie: Young Mr. Lincoln
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A fictionalized account of the early life of the American president as a young lawyer facing his greatest court case.
26. Movie: Daughters Courageous
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Nan Masters, a single mother living with her four marriageable daughters, plans to marry Sam Sloane, businessman. Out of the blue her 1st husband Jim returns after deserting the family 20 ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
27. Movie: Another Thin Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: An explosives manufacturer suspects a young man is out to kill him. He calls in new parents Nick and Nora to sort things out.
28. Movie: Dark Victory
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young socialite is diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor, and must decide whether or not she'll meet her final days with dignity.
29. Movie: Gulliver's Travels
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: Gulliver washes ashore on Lilliput and attempts to prevent war between that tiny kingdom and its equally minuscule rival, Blefuscu, as well as smooth the way for the romance between the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Love Affair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: French playboy Michel Marnet and American Terry McKay fall in love aboard ship. They arrange to reunite 6 months later, after Michel has had a chance to earn a decent living.
31. Movie: Beau Geste
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Three adopted English brothers join the French Foreign Legion in North Africa, after one of them steals their adoptive family's famous heirloom sapphire.
32. Movie: Son of Frankenstein
Genre: Sci-Fi, Horror, Drama
Description: One of the sons of Frankenstein finds his father's monster in a coma and revives him, only to find out he is controlled by Ygor who is bent on revenge.
33. Movie: Made for Each Other
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: While on a business trip, an ambitious young lawyer meets and immediately falls in love with a stranger. They wed the following day, and tragedy soon strikes.
34. Movie: Jeepers Creepers
Genre: Western
Description: Add a Plot
35. Movie: The Rains Came
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: The adventurous Lady Edwina Esketh travels to the princely state of Ranchipur in India with her husband, Lord Albert Esketh, who is there to purchase some of the Maharajah's horses. She's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Q Planes
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Mystery
Description: Lighthearted romp of a pre-war spy story: quirky British secret service man finds out who's using a secret weapon to steal experimental planes.
37. Movie: The Four Feathers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Resigning his commission on the eve of his unit's deployment against Egyptian rebels, a British officer seeks to redeem his cowardice by secretly aiding his former comrades - disguised as ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: The Spy in Black
Genre: Thriller, War
Description: A German submarine is sent to the Orkney Isles in 1917 to sink the British fleet.
39. Movie: Dodge City
Genre: Western
Description: A Texas cattle agent witnesses first hand, the brutal lawlessness of Dodge City and takes the job of sheriff to clean the town up.
40. Movie: Jesse James
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: After railroad agents forcibly evict the James family from their family farm, Jesse and Frank turn to banditry for revenge.
41. Movie: Each Dawn I Die
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A corrupt D.A. with governatorial ambitions is annoyed by an investigative reporter's criticism of his criminal activities and decides to frame the reporter for manslaughter in order to silence him.
42. Movie: The Old Maid
Genre: Drama
Description: The arrival of an ex-lover on a young woman's wedding day sets in motion a chain of events which will alter her and her cousin's lives forever.
43. Movie: The Cat and the Canary
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Mystery
Description: When an eccentric family meets in their uncle's remote, decaying mansion on the tenth anniversary of his death for the reading of his will, murder and madness follow.
44. Movie: Golden Boy
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Despite his musical talent, Joe Bonaparte wants to be a boxer.
45. Movie: Babes in Arms
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: The struggle of two talented young artists, to make their own way in the show business.
46. Movie: Union Pacific
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: In 1862, Central Pacific and Union Pacific Railroads compete westward across the wilderness toward California.
47. Movie: Le jour se lève
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: After committing a murder, a man locks himself in his apartment and recollects the events that led him to the killing.
48. Movie: Bachelor Mother
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Polly Parrish, a clerk at Merlin's Department Store, is mistakenly presumed to be the mother of a foundling. Outraged at Polly's unmotherly conduct, David Merlin becomes determined to keep ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: In Name Only
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After a wealthy man finds out his wife is a gold digger, he meets and falls for a widowed mother, and complications ensue.
50. Movie: It's a Wonderful World
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Detective Guy Johnson's client, Willie Heywood is framed for murder and while Guy hides him so he can catch the real killer, both of them are nabbed by the police, tried, convicted and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
