Most Popular Feature Films Released 1955-01-01 to 1955-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Ladykillers
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Five diverse oddball criminal types planning a bank robbery rent rooms on a cul-de-sac from an octogenarian widow under the pretext that they are classical musicians.
2. Movie: Rebel Without a Cause
Genre: Drama
Description: A rebellious young man with a troubled past comes to a new town, finding friends and enemies.
3. Movie: It's Always Fair Weather
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Three soldiers meet 10 years after their last meeting in New York, and find out that they have little in common now.
4. Movie: To Catch a Thief
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Romance
Description: When a reformed jewel thief is suspected of returning to his former occupation, he must ferret out the real thief in order to prove his innocence.
5. Movie: East of Eden
Genre: Drama
Description: A wilful young man contends against his brother for the attention of their religious father while reconnecting with his estranged mother and falling for his brother's girlfriend.
6. Movie: Lady and the Tramp
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The romantic tale of a sheltered uptown Cocker Spaniel dog and a streetwise downtown Mutt.
7. Movie: The Dam Busters
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: The story of how the British attacked German dams in WWII by using an ingenious technique to drop bombs where they would be most effective.
8. Movie: The Seven Year Itch
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: When his family goes away for the summer, a so far faithful husband is tempted by a beautiful neighbor.
9. Movie: The Night of the Hunter
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A religious fanatic marries a gullible widow whose young children are reluctant to tell him where their real daddy hid $10,000 he'd stolen in a robbery.
10. Movie: Quentin Durward
Genre: Action, Adventure, History
Description: A Scottish knight in France to facilitate a marriage between a rich and beautiful countess and his aging uncle becomes involved in court intrigue.
11. Movie: Guys and Dolls
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Musical
Description: In New York, a gambler is challenged to take a cold female missionary to Havana, but they fall for each other, and the bet has a hidden motive to finance a crap game.
12. Movie: Daddy Long Legs
Genre: Musical, Romance
Description: On a trip to France, millionaire Jervis Pendelton sees an 18 year old girl in an orphanage. Enchanted with her, but mindful of the difference in their ages, he sponsors her to college in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: Les diaboliques
Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror
Description: The wife of a cruel headmaster and his mistress conspire to kill him, but after the murder is committed, his body disappears, and strange events begin to plague the two women.
14. Movie: Oklahoma!
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: In the Oklahoma territory at the turn of the twentieth century, two young cowboys vie with an evil ranch hand and a traveling peddler for the hearts of the women they love.
15. Movie: Des Teufels General
Genre: Drama, War
Description: 1941, the Third Reich seems to be winning the war. Luftwaffe (air force) general Harry Harras enjoys the good life as highly respected technician and Berlin ministry/ HQ official. However ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: The Trouble with Harry
Genre: Comedy, Mystery
Description: The trouble with Harry is that he's dead, and everyone seems to have a different idea of what needs to be done with his body...
17. Movie: The Court Jester
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: A hapless carnival performer masquerades as the court jester as part of a plot against an evil ruler who has overthrown the rightful king.
18. Movie: Bad Day at Black Rock
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A one-handed stranger comes to a tiny town possessing a terrible past they want to keep secret, by violent means if necessary.
19. Movie: The Man from Laramie
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: A stranger defies the local cattle baron and his sadistic son by working for one of his oldest rivals.
20. Movie: This Island Earth
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: Aliens come to Earth seeking scientists to help them in their war.
21. Movie: Pather Panchali
Genre: Drama
Description: Impoverished priest Harihar Ray, dreaming of a better life for himself and his family, leaves his rural Bengal village in search of work.
22. Movie: Marty
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A middle-aged butcher and a school teacher who have given up on the idea of love meet at a dance and fall for each other.
23. Movie: Killer's Kiss
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Ready to catch a train to his hometown, a washed up boxer tells us about the strange and twisty events that happened to him the past couple of days.
24. Movie: Kiss Me Deadly
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A doomed female hitchhiker pulls Mike Hammer into a deadly whirlpool of intrigue, revolving around a mysterious "great whatsit."
25. Movie: Du rififi chez les hommes
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: Four men plan a technically perfect crime, but the human element intervenes...
26. Movie: Mister Roberts
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: Comedy-drama about life on a not particularly important ship of the US Navy during WW2.
27. Movie: Sissi
Genre: Comedy, Drama, History
Description: In the first of a trilogy of movies about Elisabeth "Sissi" of Austria, the young vibrant princess catches the eye of her sister's fianc, Emperor Franz Josef.
28. Movie: Picnic
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Emotions are ignited amongst the complacent townsfolk when a handsome drifter arrives in a small Kansas community on the morning of the Labour Day picnic.
29. Movie: Blackboard Jungle
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A new English teacher at a violent, unruly inner-city school is determined to do his job, despite resistance from both students and faculty.
30. Movie: The Man with the Golden Arm
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A strung-out junkie deals with a demoralizing drug addiction while his crippled wife and card sharks pull him down.
31. Movie: All That Heaven Allows
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An upper-class widow falls in love with a much younger, down-to-earth nurseryman, much to the disapproval of her children and criticism of her country club peers.
32. Movie: To Hell and Back
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: The true WWII story of Audie Murphy, the most decorated soldier in U.S. history. Based on the autobiography of Audie Murphy who stars as himself in the film.
33. Movie: Revenge of the Creature
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Men capture the creature from the Black Lagoon and make him an aquarium attraction, from which he escapes.
34. Movie: The Tender Trap
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Charlie Reader is a successful theater agent. He is also successful with young ladies. One day he is visited by his old friend Joe, married with three children. Joe falls in love with ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Strategic Air Command
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: An ex-pilot and current baseballer is recalled into the U.S. Air Force and assumes an increasingly important role in Cold War deterrence.
36. Movie: Summertime
Genre: Romance, Drama
Description: A lonely American woman unexpectedly finds romance in Venice, Italy.
37. Movie: Tarantula
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A spider escapes from an isolated desert laboratory experimenting in giantism and grows to tremendous size as it wreaks havoc on the local inhabitants.
38. Movie: Lola Montès
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: The film tells the tragic story of Lola Monts, a great adventurer who becomes the main attraction of a circus after being the lover of various important European men.
39. Movie: The Last Command
Genre: History, Western
Description: Moderate Jim Bowie leads rebellious Texicans--and Davy Crockett--in a last-ditch stand against his old friend, Santa Anna.
40. Movie: We're No Angels
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Romance
Description: Three Devil's Island escapees hide out in the home of a kindly merchant and repay his kindness by helping him and his family out of several crises.
41. Movie: Davy Crockett: King of the Wild Frontier
Genre: Family, Western, Adventure
Description: Legends (and myths) from the life of famed American frontiersman Davey Crockett are depicted in this feature film edited from television episodes. Crockett and his friend George Russell ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Ordet
Genre: Drama, Fantasy
Description: Follows the lives of the Borgen family, as they deal with inner conflict, as well as religious conflict with one and other, and the rest of the town. The various events that unfold throughout the film tests all of their faith and beliefs.
43. Movie: Land of the Pharaohs
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: A captured architect designs an ingenious plan to ensure the impregnability of tomb of a self-absorbed Pharaoh, obsessed with the security of his next life.
44. Movie: Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: A widowed doctor of both Chinese and European descent falls in love with a married American correspondent in Hong Kong during China's Communist revolution.
45. Movie: Lady Godiva of Coventry
Genre: Drama, History
Description: Fictionalized account of events leading up the famous nude ride (alas, her hair covers everything) of the militant Saxon lady.
46. Movie: The Desperate Hours
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Glen, Hal and Sam are three escaped convicts who move in on and terrorize a suburban household.
47. Movie: Hit the Deck
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Sailor Danny Xavier Smith and two other gobs try to save his sister Susan's virtue. She wants to get a role in the show "Hit the Deck". After wrecking the producers hotel suite, they land ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Jail Busters
Genre: Comedy
Description: Chuck, a reporter for The Blade newspaper, gets beaten up while trying to get a story on prison corruption, and the rest of the Bowery Boys, Slip, Sach, and Butch, get themselves arrested ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Bride of the Monster
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A mad doctor attempts to create atomic supermen.
50. Movie: Rage at Dawn
Genre: Western
Description: A special agent from Chicago is sent out west to bring in the notorious Reno brothers.
