Most Popular Feature Films Released 1949-01-01 to 1949-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Samson and Delilah
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: When strongman Samson rejects the love of the beautiful Philistine woman Delilah, she seeks vengeance that brings horrible consequences they both regret.
2. Movie: The Fountainhead
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An uncompromising, visionary architect struggles to maintain his integrity and individualism despite personal, professional and economic pressures to conform to popular standards.
3. Movie: The Third Man
Genre: Film-Noir, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime.
4. Movie: Twelve O'Clock High
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A hard-as-nails general takes over a bomber unit suffering from low morale and whips them into fighting shape.
5. Movie: White Heat
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A psychopathic criminal with a mother complex makes a daring break from prison and leads his old gang in a chemical plant payroll heist. Shortly after the plan takes place, events take a crazy turn
6. Movie: Little Women
Genre: Drama, Family, Romance
Description: Louisa May Alcott's autobiographical account of her life with her three sisters in Concord, Massachusetts in the 1860s. With their father fighting in the American Civil War, sisters Jo, Meg...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
7. Movie: On the Town
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Three sailors on a day of shore leave in New York City look for fun and romance before their twenty-four hours are up.
8. Movie: Kind Hearts and Coronets
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A distant poor relative of the Duke of D'Ascoyne plots to inherit the title by murdering the eight other heirs who stand ahead of him in the line of succession.
9. Movie: I Was a Male War Bride
Genre: Comedy, Romance, War
Description: Captain Henri Rochard is a French officer assigned to work with Lieut. Catherine Gates. Through a wacky series of misadventures, they fall in love and marry. When the war ends, Capt. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
10. Movie: Sands of Iwo Jima
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: A dramatization of the World War II Battle of Iwo Jima.
11. Movie: She Wore a Yellow Ribbon
Genre: Western
Description: Captain Nathan Brittles, on the eve of retirement, takes out a last patrol to stop an impending massive Indian attack. Encumbered by women who must be evacuated, Brittles finds his mission imperiled.
12. Movie: The Heiress
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young naive woman falls for a handsome young man who her emotionally abusive father suspects is a fortune hunter.
13. Movie: All the King's Men
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The rise and fall of a corrupt politician, who makes his friends richer and retains power by dint of a populist appeal.
14. Movie: The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Description: An animated adaption of "The Wind in the Willows" followed by an adaption of "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".
15. Movie: The Lady Takes a Sailor
Genre: Comedy
Description: Jennifer Smith heads a "Consumer Reports"-type company and her reputation for honesty is her greatest asset. While out boating one day she encounters a secret prototype submarine piloted by...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: Battleground
Genre: Action, War, Drama
Description: A squad of the 101st Airborne Division copes with being trapped in the besieged city of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge.
17. Movie: Adam's Rib
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Domestic and professional tensions mount when a husband and wife work as opposing lawyers in a case involving a woman who shot her husband.
18. Movie: A Letter to Three Wives
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A letter is addressed to three wives from their "best friend" Addie Ross, announcing that she is running away with one of their husbands: but she does not say which one.
19. Movie: The Fighting Kentuckian
Genre: Adventure, Romance, War
Description: Following Napoleon's Waterloo defeat and the exile of his officers and their families from France, the U.S.Congress, in 1817, granted four townships in the Alabama territory to the exiles. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Batman and Robin
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: The caped crusaders versus The Wizard, black-hooded mastermind.
21. Movie: Criss Cross
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: An armored truck driver and his lovely ex-wife conspire with a gang to have his own truck robbed on the route.
22. Movie: Nora inu
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: During a sweltering summer, a rookie homicide detective tries to track down his stolen Colt pistol.
23. Movie: Banshun
Genre: Drama
Description: Noriko is twenty-seven years old and still living with her widowed father. Everybody tries to talk her into marrying, but Noriko wants to stay at home caring for her father.
24. Movie: Mighty Joe Young
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A young woman who has raised a giant gorilla from an infant brings him to Hollywood years later seeking her fortune in order to save her family's ranch.
25. Movie: The Blue Lagoon
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Two children are shipwrecked on a desert-island and fall in love while growing up together.
26. Movie: Tokyo Joe
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: An American returns to Tokyo try to pick up threads of his pre-WW2 life there, but finds himself squeezed between criminals and the authorities.
27. Movie: In the Good Old Summertime
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Musical remake ofErnst Lubitsch'sThe Shop Around the Corner(1940).
28. Movie: The Secret Garden
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A girl is sent to live with her uncle on his estate when her parents die. There she discovers much intrigue, family history and secrets and personal baggage. In particular, a screaming child and...a secret garden.
29. Movie: Under Capricorn
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A young gentleman goes to Australia where he reunites with his now married childhood sweetheart, only to find out she has become an alcoholic and harbors dark secrets.
30. Movie: The Great Gatsby
Genre: Drama
Description: In this "adaptation" of the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel, a Jazz Age bootlegger learns the hard way about the wages of sin.
31. Movie: Whisky Galore!
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Scottish islanders try to plunder 50,000 cases of whisky from a stranded ship.
32. Movie: Riso amaro
Genre: Drama
Description: Francesca and Walter are two-bit criminals in Northern Italy, and, in an effort to avoid the police, Francesca joins a group of women rice workers. She meets the voluptuous peasant rice ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: Pinky
Genre: Drama
Description: A light-skinned African American woman falls in love with a white doctor, though he is unaware of her true race.
34. Movie: Too Late for Tears
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Through a fluke circumstance a ruthless woman stumbles across a suitcase filled with $60,000, and she is determined to hold onto it even it if means murder.
35. Movie: Ma and Pa Kettle
Genre: Comedy
Description: The Kettles and their fifteen children are about to be evicted from their rundown rustic home when Pa wins the grand prize by coming up with a new tobacco slogan. Birdie Hicks is jealous of...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Take Me Out to the Ball Game
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: The Wolves baseball team gets steamed when they find they've been inherited by one K.C. Higgins, a suspected "fathead" who intends to take an active interest in running the team. But K.C. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: Streets of Laredo
Genre: Western
Description: An outlaw separates from his two partners in crime when they join the Texas Rangers, and he continues to commit daring robberies.
38. Movie: Impact
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A unfaithful wife plots with her lover to kill her husband, but the lover is accidentally killed instead. The husband stays in hiding, and lets his wife be charged with conspiracy.
39. Movie: The Barkleys of Broadway
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A successful but constantly-feuding husband and wife musical comedy team threatens to break up when the wife entertains an offer to become a serious actress.
40. Movie: Holiday Affair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A young widow is romanced by a sales clerk whom she inadvertently got fired.
41. Movie: Neptune's Daughter
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A swimsuit fashion designer is determined to protect her scatterbrained sister from a South American heart-breaker, but a case of mistaken identity complicates matters.
42. Movie: The Big Steal
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Romance
Description: An army lieutenant accused of robbery pursues the real thief on a frantic chase through Mexico aided by the thief's fiancee.
43. Movie: A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: A singing mechanic from 1912 finds himself in Arthurian Britain.
44. Movie: Black Magic
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Romance
Description: Hypnotist uses his powers for revenge against King Louis XV's court.
45. Movie: Knock on Any Door
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Andrew Morton is an attorney who made it out of the slums. Nick Romano is his client, a young man with a long string of crimes behind him. After he lost his paycheck gambling, hoping to buy...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Cover Up
Genre: Mystery
Description: An insurance company investigator goes to a small town to probe into a case of supposed suicide. The natives are not very cooperative and some turn hostile, leading to suspicion of foul play.
47. Movie: Le silence de la mer
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: 1941 in a small town in Nazi occupied France. Against the will of its elderly male and his adult niece residents, the Nazis commandeer a house for one of their officers, Lt. Werner von ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Gal Who Took the West
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: In order to gain passage to the West, a woman poses as an opera singer, and causes a feud between two cousins.
49. Movie: Madame Bovary
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A provincial doctor's wife's romantic illusions about life and social status lead her to betray her naive husband, take on lovers and run up ruinous debts.
50. Movie: Caught
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: It was Leonora Eames' childhood dream come true. She had married Smith Ohlrig, a man worth millions. But her innocent dream became a nightmare once she realizes the truth about her husband ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
