Most Popular Feature Films Released 1945-01-01 to 1945-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Caesar and Cleopatra
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: At the height of the Roman Civil War, a young Cleopatra meets a middle-aged Julius Caesar who teaches her how to rule Egypt.
2. Movie: Spellbound
Genre: Film-Noir, Mystery, Romance
Description: A psychiatrist protects the identity of an amnesia patient accused of murder while attempting to recover his memory.
3. Movie: Brief Encounter
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Meeting a stranger in a railway station, a woman is tempted to cheat on her husband.
4. Movie: The Picture of Dorian Gray
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A corrupt young man somehow keeps his youthful beauty, but a special painting gradually reveals his inner ugliness to all.
5. Movie: Mildred Pierce
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A hard-working mother inches towards disaster as she divorces her husband and starts a successful restaurant business to support her spoiled daughter.
6. Movie: The Lost Weekend
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The desperate life of a chronic alcoholic is followed through a four-day drinking bout.
7. Movie: And Then There Were None
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Ten people are invited to an isolated island, only to find that an unseen person is killing them one by one. Could one of them be the killer?
8. Movie: Fallen Angel
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A slick con man arrives in a small town looking to make some money, but soon gets more than he bargained for.
9. Movie: Anchors Aweigh
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical
Description: Two sailors, one naive, the other experienced in the ways of the world, on liberty in Los Angeles, is the setting for this movie musical.
10. Movie: Roma città aperta
Genre: Drama, Thriller, War
Description: During the Nazi occupation of Rome in 1944, resistance leader Giorgio Manfredi is chased by Nazis and he seeks refuge and escape.
11. Movie: Scarlet Street
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: When a man in mid-life crisis befriends a young woman, her venal fianc persuades her to con him out of some of the fortune she thinks he has.
12. Movie: Leave Her to Heaven
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Romance
Description: A writer meets a young socialite on board a train. The two fall in love and are married soon after, but her obsessive love for him threatens to be the undoing of both them and everyone else around them.
13. Movie: Les enfants du paradis
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The theatrical life of a beautiful courtesan and the four men who love her.
14. Movie: Detour
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Chance events trap hitch-hiker Al Roberts in a tightening net of film noir trouble.
15. Movie: Dead of Night
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: An architect senses impending doom as his half-remembered recurring dream turns into reality. The guests at the country house encourage him to stay as they take turns telling supernatural tales.
16. Movie: A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Encouraged by her idealistic if luckless father, a bright and imaginative young woman comes of age in a Brooklyn tenement during the early 1900s.
17. Movie: Blithe Spirit
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: Adapted from a play by Noel Coward, Charles and his second wife Ruth, are haunted by the ghost of his first wife, Elvira. Medium Madame Arcati tries to help things out by contacting the ghost.
18. Movie: 'I Know Where I'm Going!'
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Joan Webster is an ambitious and stubborn middle-class English woman determined to move forward since her childhood. She meets her father in a fancy restaurant to tell him that she will ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
19. Movie: They Were Expendable
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A dramatized account of the role of the American PT Boats in the defense of the Philippines in World War II.
20. Movie: Christmas in Connecticut
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A food writer who has lied about being the perfect housewife must try to cover her deception when her boss and a returning war hero invite themselves to her home for a traditional family Christmas.
21. Movie: The Woman in Green
Genre: Mystery
Description: Sherlock Holmes investigates when young women around London turn up murdered, each with a finger severed off. Scotland Yard suspects a madman, but Holmes believes the killings to be part of a diabolical plot.
22. Movie: The Bells of St. Mary's
Genre: Drama
Description: At a big city Catholic school, Father O'Malley and Sister Benedict indulge in friendly rivalry, and succeed in extending the school through the gift of a building.
23. Movie: Flame of Barbary Coast
Genre: Musical, Romance, Western
Description: Duke falls for Flaxen in the Barbary Coast in turn-of-the-century San Francisco. He loses money to crooked gambler Tito, goes home and PL: learns to gamble, and returns. After he makes a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: State Fair
Genre: Musical, Romance
Description: Farm family Frake, with discontented daughter Margy, head for the Iowa State Fair. On the first day, both Margy and brother Wayne meet attractive new flames; so does father's prize hog, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Objective, Burma!
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A platoon of special ops are tasked to parachute into the remote Burmese jungle and destroy a strategic Japanese radar station, but getting out isn't as easy.
26. Movie: Ziegfeld Follies
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: The late, great impresario Florenz Ziegfeld looks down from heaven and ordains a new revue in his grand old style.
27. Movie: Lady on a Train
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: While waiting at a train station, Nikki Collins witnesses a murder from a nearby building. When she brings the police to the scene of the crime, they think she's crazy since there's no body...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: Our Vines Have Tender Grapes
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A Norwegian farmer lovingly raises his daughter in rural World War II-era Benson Junction, Wisconsin.
29. Movie: The Spanish Main
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: After being wronged by the Caribbean authorities, a Dutch captain turns pirate to wage war.
30. Movie: Wonder Man
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical
Description: After being murdered by gangsters, an exuberant nightclub entertainer returns as a ghost to persuade his meek twin brother to help bring his killers to justice.
31. Movie: A Place of One's Own
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: An elderly couple move into an old, supposedly haunted abandoned house. A young girl comes to live with the pair as a companion for the wife. However, soon the girl is possessed by the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Dillinger
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: John Dillinger begins his life of crime as a petty thief, meets his future gang in prison and eventually masterminds a series of daring robberies.
33. Movie: House of Dracula
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Count Dracula and the Wolf Man seek cures for their afflictions; a hunchbacked woman, a mad scientist and Frankenstein's Monster have their own troubles.
34. Movie: A Walk in the Sun
Genre: Drama, War
Description: During WWII, a platoon of American soldiers trudge through the Italian countryside in search of a bridge they have been ordered to blow up, encountering danger and destruction along the way.
35. Movie: The Enchanted Cottage
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A homely maid and a scarred ex-GI meet at the cottage where she works and where he was to spend his honeymoon prior to his accident. The two develop a bond and agree to marry, more out of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Back to Bataan
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In 1942, after the fall of the Philippines to the Japanese, U.S. Army Col. Joseph Madden stays behind to organize the local resistance against the Japanese invaders.
37. Movie: Conflict
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: An engineer trapped in an unhappy marriage murders his wife in the hope of marrying her younger sister.
38. Movie: The Body Snatcher
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A ruthless doctor and his young prize student find themselves continually harassed by their murderous supplier of illegal cadavers.
39. Movie: The House of Fear
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Sherlock Holmes investigates a series of deaths at a castle with each foretold by the delivery of orange pips to the victims.
40. Movie: The Wicked Lady
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: 17th-century beauty Barbara Worth starts her career of crime by stealing her best friend's bridegroom. Her next exploit is to recover gambling losses by donning mask and cloak and taking to...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: The Valley of Decision
Genre: Drama
Description: Mary Rafferty comes from a poor family of steel mill workers in 19th Century Pittsburgh. Her family objects when she goes to work as a maid for the wealthy Scott family which controls the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Captain Kidd
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: The unhistorical adventures of pirate Captain Kidd revolve around treasure and treachery.
43. Movie: A Song to Remember
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: Biography of Frederic Chopin.
44. Movie: The Seventh Veil
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: One dark summer night, Francesca Cunningham, a once world famed pianist, escapes from her hospital room and tries to commit suicide by jumping off a local bridge. She is rescued and taken ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Blood on the Sun
Genre: Drama, Romance, Thriller
Description: A dedicated American reporter in 1930s Japan is determined to expose that government's plan for world domination.
46. Movie: Story of G.I. Joe
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: The story of men at war and that of the esteemed Pulitzer prize winning war correspondent Ernie Pyle. Soon after the U.S. entry into World War II, Pyle joined C Company, 18th Infantry in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Rhapsody in Blue
Genre: Biography, Drama, Musical
Description: George Gershwin is a driven composer whose need to succeed destroys his relationship with singer Julie Adams and socialite Christine Gilbert.
48. Movie: Saratoga Trunk
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: An opportunistic Texas gambler and the exiled Creole daughter of an aristocratic family join forces to achieve justice from the society that has ostracized them.
49. Movie: The Clock
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Soldier Joe Allen is on a two-day leave in New York, and there he meets Alice. She agrees to show him the sights and they spend the day together. In this short time they find themselves ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The Corn Is Green
Genre: Drama
Description: A schoolteacher becomes the mentor of a talented young miner and seeks to get him into a university.
