Most Popular Feature Films Released 1951-01-01 to 1951-12-31 : 
1. Movie: An American in Paris
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: Three friends struggle to find work in Paris. Things become more complicated when two of them fall in love with the same woman.
2. Movie: Here Comes the Groom
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Foreign correspondent Pete Garvey has 5 days to win back his former fiance, or he'll lose the orphans he adopted.
3. Movie: The Day the Earth Stood Still
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: An alien lands and tells the people of Earth that they must live peacefully or be destroyed as a danger to other planets.
4. Movie: A Streetcar Named Desire
Genre: Drama
Description: Disturbed Blanche DuBois moves in with her sister in New Orleans and is tormented by her brutish brother-in-law while her reality crumbles around her.
5. Movie: Alice in Wonderland
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: Alice stumbles into the world of Wonderland. Will she get home? Not if the Queen of Hearts has her way.
6. Movie: Strangers on a Train
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A psychotic socialite confronts a pro tennis star with a theory on how two complete strangers can get away with murder - a theory that he plans to implement.
7. Movie: The African Queen
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: In Africa during World War I, a gin-swilling riverboat captain is persuaded by a strait-laced missionary to use his boat to attack an enemy warship.
8. Movie: The Thing from Another World
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Scientists and American Air Force officials fend off a blood-thirsty alien organism while at a remote arctic outpost.
9. Movie: The Magic Box
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A chronicle of the life of William Friese-Greene, a British inventor and early pioneer in cinema.
10. Movie: Quo Vadis
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A fierce Roman commander becomes infatuated with a beautiful Christian hostage and begins questioning the tyrannical leadership of the despot Emperor Nero.
11. Movie: A Place in the Sun
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A poor boy gets a job working for his rich uncle and ends up falling in love with two women.
12. Movie: Three Guys Named Mike
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A stewardess becomes romantically involved with an airline pilot, a college professor, and a successful businessman, all of whom are named Mike. When the three find out about each other, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: Ace in the Hole
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A frustrated former big-city journalist now stuck working for an Albuquerque newspaper exploits a story about a man trapped in a cave to re-jump start his career, but the situation quickly escalates into an out-of-control circus.
14. Movie: Show Boat
Genre: Drama, Family, Musical
Description: The daughter of a riverboat captain falls in love with a charming gambler, but their fairytale romance is threatened when his luck turns sour.
15. Movie: Scrooge
Genre: Drama, Fantasy
Description: An old bitter miser is given a chance for redemption when he is haunted by three ghosts on Christmas Eve...
16. Movie: The Tragedy of Othello: The Moor of Venice
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The Moorish general Othello is manipulated into thinking that his new wife Desdemona has been carrying on an affair with his lieutenant Michael Cassio when in reality it is all part of the scheme of a bitter ensign named Iago.
17. Movie: The Lavender Hill Mob
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A meek bank clerk who oversees the shipment of bullion joins with an eccentric neighbor to steal gold bars and smuggle them out of the country as miniature Eiffel Towers.
18. Movie: The Frogmen
Genre: Adventure, War, Drama
Description: The new commander of a Navy Underwater Demolition Team--nicknamed "Frogmen"--must earn the respect of the men in his unit, who are still grieving over the death of their former commander and resentful of the new one.
19. Movie: Love Nest
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Two married New Yorkers purchase an old, run-down building full of colorful tenants.
20. Movie: When Worlds Collide
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: As a new star and planet hurtle toward a doomed Earth, a small group of survivalists frantically work to complete the rocket which will take them to their new home.
21. Movie: The Desert Fox: The Story of Rommel
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: The story of the final years of the respected World War II German general, Erwin Rommel.
22. Movie: David and Bathsheba
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: After King David sees the beautiful Bathsheba bathing from the palace roof, he enters into an adulterous affair which has tragic consequences for his family and Israel.
23. Movie: Royal Wedding
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Tom and Ellen Bowen are a brother and sister dance act whose show closes in New York. Their agent books them in London for the same period as the Royal Wedding. They travel by ship where ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: On Dangerous Ground
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Rough city cop Jim Wilson is disciplined by his captain and is sent upstate, to a snowy mountain town, to help the local sheriff solve a murder case.
25. Movie: Fourteen Hours
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: An unhappy man threatens suicide by standing on the ledge of a high-rise building for 14 hours.
26. Movie: Detective Story
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: On one day in the 21st Precinct squad room, assorted characters form a backdrop for the troubles of hard-nosed Detective Jim McLeod.
27. Movie: The Man in the White Suit
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: An altruistic chemist invents a fabric which resists wear and stain as a boon to humanity, but both big business and labor realize it must be suppressed for economic reasons.
28. Movie: Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: During the Napoleonic wars, a British naval captain has adventures in Central American waters.
29. Movie: People Will Talk
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Dr. Noah Praetorius falls in love with Debra, a student who finds out that she is pregnant by her old boyfriend.
30. Movie: The Browning Version
Genre: Drama
Description: Forced to retire from an English public school, an unpopular professor must confront his failure as a teacher and husband.
31. Movie: The Red Badge of Courage
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Truncated adaptation of Stephen Crane's novel about a Civil War Union soldier who stuggles to find the courage to fight in the heat of battle.
32. Movie: Vengeance Valley
Genre: Western
Description: The sons of a Colorado cattle baron, one biological and the other adopted, resent one another and fight for control of their father's cattle empire.
33. Movie: Bedtime for Bonzo
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: College prof Peter Boyd tries to salvage his professional and personal reputation by using a lab chimp to prove that environment trumps heredity in behavioral development.
34. Movie: The House on Telegraph Hill
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Concentration camp survivor Victoria Kowelska finds herself involved in mystery, greed, and murder when she assumes the identity of a dead friend in order to gain passage to America.
35. Movie: Atoll K
Genre: Comedy
Description: Heading for a newly inherited island, the boys are shipwrecked and marooned on an atoll which has just emerged from the sea. Along with their cook, a stowaway and a girl who is fleeing her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Cattle Drive
Genre: Action, Western
Description: A cowboy finds the spoiled son of a railroad magnate lost in the deserted hills and teaches him survival skills and hard work values.
37. Movie: Hakuchi
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A Japanese veteran, driven partially mad from the war, travels to the snowy island of Kameda where he soon enters a love triangle with his best friend and a disgraced woman.
38. Movie: Operation Pacific
Genre: Drama, War
Description: During WWII, a submarine's second in command inherits the problem of torpedoes that don't explode. When on shore, he is eager to win back his ex-wife.
39. Movie: Elopement
Genre: Comedy
Description: Industrial designer Howard Osborne (Clifton Webb) wants his daughter Jacqueline (Anne Francis), shortened to Jake by her efficient-minded father, to follow in his footsteps and study abroad...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: No Highway
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: An aeronautical engineer predicts that a new model of plane will fail catastrophically and in a novel manner after a specific number flying hours.
41. Movie: Pandora and the Flying Dutchman
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Mystery
Description: A seductive woman falls in love with a mysterious ship's captain.
42. Movie: Superman and the Mole-Men
Genre: Action, Drama, Family
Description: When underground beings explore the surface world from a deep oil well and inadvertantly cause a panic, only Superman can prevent a tragedy.
43. Movie: Five
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: The world is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. Only five Americans survive, including a pregnant woman, a neo-Nazi, a black man and a bank clerk.
44. Movie: The River
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Three adolescent girls growing up in Bengal, India, learn their lessons in life after falling for an older American soldier.
45. Movie: Journal d'un curé de campagne
Genre: Drama
Description: A young priest taking over the parish at Ambricourt tries to fulfill his duties even as he fights a mysterious stomach ailment.
46. Movie: Death of a Salesman
Genre: Drama
Description: Willy Loman is an over-the-hill salesman who faces a personal turning point when he loses his job and attempts to make peace with his family: Willy's long-suffering wife Linda, and Biff and Happy, his troubled sons and his life.
47. Movie: Westward the Women
Genre: Western, Drama
Description: A trail guide escorts a group of women from Chicago to California to marry men that have recently began settling there.
48. Movie: Outcast of the Islands
Genre: Drama, Adventure
Description: A man occupies a position of trust with a merchant in an East Asian port. He's sacked when he's caught stealing, but he pretends to commit suicide and a captain he befriended agrees to take him to a secret trading post.
49. Movie: The Enforcer
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A crusading district attorney finally gets a chance to prosecute the organizer and boss of Murder Inc.
50. Movie: The Tales of Hoffmann
Genre: Fantasy, Music, Musical
Description: A melancholy poet reflects on three women he loved and lost in the past: a mechanical performing doll, a Venetian courtesan, and the consumptive daughter of a celebrated composer.
