Most Popular Feature Films Released 1921-01-01 to 1921-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Kid
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: The Tramp cares for an abandoned child, but events put that relationship in jeopardy.
2. Movie: Körkarlen
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: On New Year's Eve, the driver of a ghostly carriage forces a drunken man to reflect on his selfish, wasted life.
3. Movie: Orphans of the Storm
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Two orphaned sisters are caught up in the turmoil of the French Revolution, encountering misery and love along the way.
4. Movie: Der müde Tod
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Thriller
Description: When a woman's fianc disappears, Death gives her three chances to save him from his fate.
5. Movie: The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: An extended family split up in France and Germany find themselves on opposing sides of the battlefield during World War I.
6. Movie: The Sheik
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A charming Arabian sheik becomes infatuated with an adventurous, modern-thinking Englishwoman and abducts her to his home in the Saharan desert.
7. Movie: Schloß Vogelöd
Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror
Description: In the castle Vogeloed, a few aristocrats are awaiting baroness Saffersttt. But first count Oetsch invites himself.. Everyone thinks he murdered his brother, baroness Safferstat's first ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: The Three Musketeers
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: The young Gascon D'Artagnan arrives in Paris, his heart set on joining the king's Musketeers. He is taken under the wings of three of the most respected and feared Musketeers, Porthos, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
9. Movie: Tol'able David
Genre: Drama
Description: When three thuggish men are responsible for the death of his father and the crippling of his brother, young David must choose between supporting his family or risking his life and exacting vengeance.
10. Movie: Camille
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A courtesan and an idealistic young man fall in love, only for her to give up the relationship at his status-conscious father's request.
11. Movie: The Affairs of Anatol
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Socialite Anatol Spencer seeks a better relation that he has with his wife. He sets up the friend of his youth Emilie in an apartment only to have her two-time him. He comforts the near ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: A Sailor-Made Man
Genre: Comedy
Description: An idle, wealthy playboy foolishly joins the Navy when the father of the girl he wants to marry tells him to get a job to prove himself worthy.
13. Movie: The Conquest of Canaan
Genre: Drama
Description: Ne'er-do-well Joe Louden scandalizes his small town and especially the proper Judge Pike. But through the love of young Ariel Taber, Joe shows the town who the real scoundrel is.
14. Movie: Die Bergkatze
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A charismatic lieutenant newly assigned to a remote fort is captured by a group of mountain bandits, thus setting in motion a madcap farce that is Lubitsch at his most unrestrained.
15. Movie: The Queen of Sheba
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: The story of the ill-fated romance between Solomon, king of Israel, and the Queen of Sheba.
16. Movie: Rip Van Winkle
Genre: Fantasy
Description: The story shows the development of the united state in divergent fields : Political, social and even economic field.
17. Movie: Hamlet
Genre: Drama
Description: Danish silent movie-star Asta Nielsen formed her own production company to make this film, in which new elements are combined with features (and a few lines) familiar from Shakespeare's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: Vier um die Frau
Genre: Drama
Description: Harry Yquem, a wealthy broker, remains obsessed with delusions of his devout wife's infidelity.
19. Movie: Eldorado
Genre: Drama
Description: Sibilla is a single mother, working as a gypsy dancer in a lousy cafe in the south of Spain. Unable to keep with the costs of his son's medical bills, she asks for help to Estiria, her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: The Adventures of Tarzan
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: Tarzan spurns the love of La, Queen of Opar. When he isn't trying to keep the Bolshevik Rokoff and Clayton (pretender to the Greystoke estate) from reaching Opar, he is attacked ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: The Great Moment
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
22. Movie: Seven Years Bad Luck
Genre: Comedy
Description: After breaking a mirror in his home, superstitious Max tries to avoid situations which could bring bad luck-- but in doing so, causes himself the worst luck imaginable.
23. Movie: Little Lord Fauntleroy
Genre: Drama
Description: An American boy turns out to be the long-lost heir of a British fortune. He is sent to live with the cold and unsentimental lord who oversees the trust.
24. Movie: L'Atlantide
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Mystery
Description: Two men, lost in the desert, meet Queen Antinea, ruler of Atlantis.
25. Movie: Drakula halála
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A girl has frightening visions after visiting an insane asylum where one of the inmates claims to be Drakula and she can not be sure whether they were a nightmare or real.
26. Movie: The Love Light
Genre: Drama
Description: Angela maintains a coastal lighthouse in Italy, where she awaits the return of her brothers from the war. She learns they are casualties and takes solace in the arms of an American sailor ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
27. Movie: The Ace of Hearts
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A romantic rivalry among members of a secret society becomes even tenser when one of the men is assigned to carry out an assassination.
28. Movie: Dream Street
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Three men in London compete for the love of a dance-hall girl.
29. Movie: The Conquering Power
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After losing his father, a playboy moves in with his miserly uncle, who seeks to cheat him out of his inheritance.
30. Movie: Be My Wife
Genre: Comedy
Description: Max is determined to woo Mary, despite her Aunt Agatha's disapproval.
31. Movie: Brewster's Millions
Genre: Comedy
Description: Monte Brewster learns that he has inherited $10 million from his late grandfather, but then learns that he must spend $2 million in less than a year and remain unmarried to inherit the rest of the money.
32. Movie: The Blot
Genre: Drama
Description: The Professor dispenses the wisdom of the ages and does not make a living wage. The sons of the rich and powerful are students lacking any motivation. The next door neighbor of the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: Hintertreppe
Genre: Drama
Description: A crippled mailman is in love with a maid who lives in the same building he does in one of the city's poor neighborhoods. She, however, is in love with a wealthy, handsome young man. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: A Perfect Crime
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
35. Movie: Miss Lulu Bett
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A once-timid young woman gains newfound confidence after a failed marriage, much to the chagrin of her miserable family.
36. Movie: Der Gang in die Nacht
Genre: Drama
Description: Dr Eigil Borne is engaged to Hlne, a girl who is madly in love with him. At Hlne's birthday celebration, Eigil invites her to a cabaret, where he meets his other love, Lily, a passionate, fiery and funny dancer.
37. Movie: Forbidden Fruit
Genre: Drama
Description: Mary Maddock becomes a seamstress after her husband Steve wastes their money on booze. Her employer provides her as an escort to accompany millionaire Mallory. Her husband tries ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Markens grøde
Genre: Drama
Description: After the Nobel prize winning Knut Hamsun-novel, with it's criticism of industrialization, urbanizing and loss of values. The farmer Isak makes a farm out of barren soil, together with Inger and their two sons. She kills the third.
39. Movie: Das indische Grabmal zweiter Teil - Der Tiger von Eschnapur
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Howard is infected with leprosy, Mac Allen was captured by the Maharadsha, and now the Maharadsha offers Irene a deal: one night for letting healing Howard. She accepts, but when she tries ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: My Boy
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: An orphan escapes immigration officials at Ellis Island and goes to live with an old ship's master who can't find work and can't pay the rent.
41. Movie: The Hope Diamond Mystery
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: The true story of Lord Francis Hope who inherits the Hope Diamond and marries showgirl May Yohe. Lord Francis Hope gambles away the family fortune and May Yohe leaves him. Another suspected curse of owning the Hope Diamond.
42. Movie: The Four Feathers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A 'coward' resigns his commission and poses as an Arab to save his former comrades.
43. Movie: Die rote Nacht
Description: Add a Plot
44. Movie: Banditen im Frack
Genre: Crime
Description: Add a Plot
45. Movie: The Sky Pilot
Genre: Drama
Description: The sky pilot is a preacher who helps Gwen walk again after a near-fatal accident.
46. Movie: Molly O'
Genre: Comedy
Description: An Irish washerwoman's daughter falls in love with one of America's most eligible bachelors, much to the dismay of the girl's parents -- and the young doctor's newly acquired fiance! ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: L'uomo meccanico
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: The story begins with a scientist creating a device shaped like a man that can be remote-controlled by a machine.
48. Movie: Her Lord and Master
Genre: Comedy
Description: Indiana Stillwater, the daughter of a wealthy American railroad industrialist, marries English nobleman Viscount Canning and travels to England. Her in-laws are somewhat shocked by her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Sehnsucht
Description: A young Russian dancer in Geneva returns to Russia, where he falls in love with a grand duchess. He is arrested but manages to escape.
50. Movie: Le chemin d'Ernoa
Description: Add a Plot
