Most Popular Feature Films Released 2009-01-01 to 2009-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Inglourious Basterds
Genre: Adventure, Drama, War
Description: In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same.
2. Movie: Avatar
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.
3. Movie: Watchmen
Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery
Description: In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it.
4. Movie: Sherlock Holmes
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England.
5. Movie: Star Trek
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: The brash James T. Kirk tries to live up to his father's legacy with Mr. Spock keeping him in check as a vengeful Romulan from the future creates black holes to destroy the Federation one planet at a time.
6. Movie: The Hangover
Genre: Comedy
Description: Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding.
7. Movie: X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A look at Wolverine's early life, in particular his time with the government squad Team X and the impact it will have on his later years.
8. Movie: The Blind Side
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family.
9. Movie: The Proposal
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A pushy boss forces her young assistant to marry her in order to keep her visa status in the U.S. and avoid deportation to Canada.
10. Movie: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: As Harry Potter begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as "the property of the Half-Blood Prince" and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past.
11. Movie: Zombieland
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Horror
Description: A shy student trying to reach his family in Ohio, a gun-toting tough guy trying to find the last Twinkie, and a pair of sisters trying to get to an amusement park join forces to travel across a zombie-filled America.
12. Movie: Friday the 13th
Genre: Horror
Description: A group of young adults discover a boarded up Camp Crystal Lake, where they soon encounter Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions.
13. Movie: (500) Days of Summer
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An offbeat romantic comedy about a woman who doesn't believe true love exists, and the young man who falls for her.
14. Movie: 3 Idiots
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them "idiots".
15. Movie: My Sister's Keeper
Genre: Drama
Description: Anna Fitzgerald looks to earn medical emancipation from her parents who until now have relied on their youngest child to help their leukemia-stricken daughter Kate remain alive.
16. Movie: Mr. Nobody
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A boy stands on a station platform as a train is about to leave. Should he go with his mother or stay with his father? Infinite possibilities arise from this decision. As long as he doesn't choose, anything is possible.
17. Movie: The Young Victoria
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A dramatization of the turbulent first years of Queen Victoria's rule, and her enduring romance with Prince Albert.
18. Movie: Underworld: Rise of the Lycans
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: An origins story centered on the centuries-old feud between the race of aristocratic vampires and their onetime slaves, the Lycans.
19. Movie: Jennifer's Body
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A newly possessed high school cheerleader turns into a succubus who specializes in killing her male classmates. Can her best friend put an end to the horror?
20. Movie: He's Just Not That Into You
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The Baltimore-set movie of interconnecting story arcs deals with the challenges of reading or misreading human behavior.
21. Movie: 17 Again
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Mike O'Donnell is ungrateful for how his life turned out. He gets a chance to rewrite his life when he tried to save a janitor near a bridge and jumped after him into a time vortex.
22. Movie: Up
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Seventy-eight year old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his home equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.
23. Movie: Coraline
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: An adventurous girl finds another world that is a strangely idealized version of her frustrating home, but it has sinister secrets.
24. Movie: Hachi: A Dog's Tale
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home.
25. Movie: A Single Man
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An English professor, one year after the sudden death of his boyfriend, is unable to cope with his typical days in 1960s Los Angeles.
26. Movie: The Lovely Bones
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Thriller
Description: Centers on a young girl who has been murdered and watches over her family - and her killer - from purgatory. She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal.
27. Movie: Pandorum
Genre: Action, Horror, Mystery
Description: A pair of crew members aboard a spaceship wake up with no knowledge of their mission or their identities.
28. Movie: Moon
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: Astronaut Sam Bell has a quintessentially personal encounter toward the end of his three-year stint on the Moon, where he, working alongside his computer, GERTY, sends back to Earth parcels of a resource that has helped diminish our planet's power problems.
29. Movie: Bride Wars
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Two best friends become rivals when they schedule their respective weddings on the same day.
30. Movie: Orphan
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A husband and wife who recently lost their baby adopt a nine year-old girl who is not nearly as innocent as she claims to be.
31. Movie: Angels &amp; Demons
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon works to solve a murder and prevent a terrorist act against the Vatican.
32. Movie: Dragonball Evolution
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power.
33. Movie: Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war.
34. Movie: The Road
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: In a dangerous post-apocalyptic world, an ailing father defends his son as they slowly travel to the sea.
35. Movie: El secreto de sus ojos
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.
36. Movie: Up in the Air
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Ryan Bingham enjoys living out of a suitcase for his job traveling around the country firing people, but finds that lifestyle threatened by the presence of a potential love interest and a new hire.
37. Movie: Fast &amp; Furious
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Brian O'Conner, now working for the FBI in LA, teams up with Dominic Toretto to bring down a heroin importer by infiltrating his operation.
38. Movie: 2012
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind.
39. Movie: District 9
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: An extraterrestrial race forced to live in slum-like conditions on Earth suddenly finds a kindred spirit in a government agent who is exposed to their biotechnology.
40. Movie: Antichrist
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A grieving couple retreat to their cabin in the woods, hoping to repair their broken hearts and troubled marriage. But nature takes its course and things go from bad to worse.
41. Movie: Public Enemies
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The Feds try to take down notorious American gangsters John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson and Pretty Boy Floyd during a booming crime wave in the 1930s.
42. Movie: G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: An elite military unit comprised of special operatives known as G.I. Joe, operating out of The Pit, takes on an evil organization led by a notorious arms dealer.
43. Movie: Kynodontas
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Three teenagers live isolated, without leaving their house, because their over-protective parents say they can only leave when their dogtooth falls out.
44. Movie: Män som hatar kvinnor
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A journalist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing -- or dead -- for forty years by a young female hacker.
45. Movie: Law Abiding Citizen
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal.
46. Movie: I Love You, Man
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Friendless Peter Klaven goes on a series of man-dates to find a Best Man for his wedding. But, when his insta-bond with his new B.F.F. puts a strain on his relationship with his fiance, can the trio learn to live happily ever after?
47. Movie: Fantastic Mr. Fox
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: An urbane fox cannot resist returning to his farm raiding ways and then must help his community survive the farmers' retaliation.
48. Movie: Precious
Genre: Drama
Description: In New York City's Harlem circa 1987, an overweight, abused, illiterate teen who is pregnant with her second child is invited to enroll in an alternative school in hopes that her life can head in a new direction.
49. Movie: Terminator Salvation
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: In 2018, a mysterious new weapon in the war against the machines, half-human and half-machine, comes to John Connor on the eve of a resistance attack on Skynet. But whose side is he on, and can he be trusted?
50. Movie: The Twilight Saga: New Moon
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Edward leaves Bella after an attack that nearly claimed her life, and in her depression she falls into yet another paranormal relationship - this time with werewolf Jacob Black.
