Most Popular Feature Films Released 1978-01-01 to 1978-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Grease
Genre: Musical, Romance
Description: Good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fell in love over the summer. When they unexpectedly discover they're now in the same high school, will they be able to rekindle their romance?
2. Movie: Animal House
Genre: Comedy
Description: At a 1962 college, Dean Vernon Wormer is determined to expel the entire Delta Tau Chi Fraternity, but those trouble-makers have other plans for him.
3. Movie: Superman
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: An alien orphan is sent from his dying planet to Earth, where he grows up to become his adoptive home's first and greatest superhero.
4. Movie: The Deer Hunter
Genre: Drama, War
Description: An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
5. Movie: Halloween
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield to kill again.
6. Movie: Midnight Express
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Billy Hayes, an American college student, is caught smuggling drugs out of Turkey and thrown into prison.
7. Movie: Jaws 2
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Horror
Description: Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
8. Movie: The Wiz
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: An adaptation of 'The Wizard of Oz' that tries to capture the essence of the African-American experience.
9. Movie: Days of Heaven
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A hot-tempered farm laborer convinces the woman he loves to marry their rich but dying boss so that they can have a claim to his fortune.
10. Movie: Dawn of the Dead
Genre: Action, Horror, Thriller
Description: Following an ever-growing epidemic of zombies that have risen from the dead, two Philadelphia S.W.A.T. team members, a traffic reporter, and his television executive girlfriend seek refuge in a secluded shopping mall.
11. Movie: Starcrash
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: An outlaw smuggler and her alien companion are recruited by the Emperor of the Galaxy to rescue his son and destroy a secret weapon by the evil Count Zarth Arn.
12. Movie: Day of the Woman
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: An aspiring writer is repeatedly gang-raped, humiliated, and left for dead by four men whom she systematically hunts down to seek revenge.
13. Movie: Pretty Baby
Genre: Drama
Description: A teenage girl lives as a prostitute in New Orleans in 1917.
14. Movie: The Cheap Detective
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: San Francisco, 1940, detectives, dames, documents, Nazis, and a treasure.
15. Movie: Watership Down
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: A group of rabbits flee their doomed warren and face many dangers to find and protect their new home.
16. Movie: The Lord of the Rings
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The Fellowship of the Ring embark on a journey to destroy the One Ring and end Sauron's reign over Middle-earth.
17. Movie: Invasion of the Body Snatchers
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: In San Francisco, a group of people discover the human race is being replaced one by one, with clones devoid of emotion.
18. Movie: Up in Smoke
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Two stoners unknowingly smuggle a van - made entirely of marijuana - from Mexico to L.A., with incompetent Sgt. Stedenko on their trail.
19. Movie: Death on the Nile
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: As Hercule Poirot enjoys a luxurious cruise down the Nile, a newlywed heiress is found murdered on board. Can Poirot identify the killer before the ship reaches the end of its journey?
20. Movie: Every Which Way But Loose
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: The San Fernando Valley adventures of trucker turned prize-fighter Philo Beddoe and his pet orangutan Clyde.
21. Movie: Coming Home
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A woman whose husband is fighting in Vietnam falls in love with another man who suffered a paralyzing combat injury there.
22. Movie: The Boys from Brazil
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A Nazi hunter in Paraguay discovers a sinister and bizarre plot to rekindle the Third Reich.
23. Movie: Convoy
Genre: Action, Drama
Description: Truckers form a mile long "convoy" in support of a trucker's vendetta with an abusive sheriff...Based on the country song of same title by C.W. McCall.
24. Movie: Piranha
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: When flesh-eating piranhas are accidentally released into a summer resort's rivers, the guests become their next meal.
25. Movie: Damien: Omen II
Genre: Horror
Description: Damien the Antichrist, now thirteen years old, finally learns of his destiny under the guidance of an unholy disciple of Satan. Meanwhile dark forces begin to eliminate all those who suspect the child's true identity.
26. Movie: Coma
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: When a young female doctor notices an unnatural amount of comas occurring in her hospital she uncovers a horrible conspiracy.
27. Movie: Heaven Can Wait
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A Los Angeles Rams quarterback, accidentally taken away from his body by an overanxious angel before he was meant to die, returns to life in the body of a recently murdered millionaire.
28. Movie: Quel maledetto treno blindato
Genre: Action, Adventure, War
Description: In 1944, in France, the rogue American soldiers Lieutenant Robert Yeager, Private Fred Canfield, the murderer Tony, the thief Nick and the coward Berle are transported to a military prison....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: Ice Castles
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sport
Description: A young girl is on top of the world until a tragic accident dashes her hopes and dreams of becoming a world-class figure skater. Only with the help of those who love her can she prove to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Game of Death
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A martial arts movie star must fake his death to find the people who are trying to kill him.
31. Movie: Force 10 from Navarone
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: During World War II, several oddly assorted military experts are teamed in a mission to raid and destroy a bridge vital to enemy strategy.
32. Movie: Foul Play
Genre: Comedy, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A shy San Francisco librarian and a bumbling cop fall in love as they solve a crime involving albinos, dwarves, and the Catholic Church.
33. Movie: The Driver
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: "The Driver" is a specialist in a rare business: he drives getaway cars in robberies. His exceptional talent prevented him from being caught yet. After another successful flight from the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: The Wild Geese
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A British banker hires a group of British mercenaries to rescue a deposed African president from the hands of a corrupt African dictator.
35. Movie: The Fury
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A government agent is determined to come to his son's rescue when a sinister official kidnaps him to harbor his extremely powerful psychic abilities.
36. Movie: Battlestar Galactica
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet in a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth.
37. Movie: Eyes of Laura Mars
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: A famous fashion photographer develops a disturbing ability to see through the eyes of a killer.
38. Movie: Höstsonaten
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: A married daughter who longs for her mother's love gets visited by the latter, a successful concert pianist.
39. Movie: Corvette Summer
Genre: Adventure, Comedy
Description: A high school grad and a hooker-in-training try to track down his stolen Corvette.
40. Movie: The Buddy Holly Story
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: The story of the life and career of the early rock and roll singer, from his meteoric rise to stardom, to his marriage and untimely death.
41. Movie: Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: Small town band hits it big, but they must battle a nefarious plot in the music industry.
42. Movie: Goin' South
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: Henry Moon is captured for a capital offense by a posse when his horse quits while trying to escape to Mexico. He finds that there is a post-Civil War law in the small town that any single ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Paradise Alley
Genre: Drama
Description: Three Italian-American brothers, living in the slums of 1940's New York City, try to help each other with one's wrestling career using one brother's promotional skills and another brother's con-artist tactics to thwart a sleazy manager.
44. Movie: Shao Lin san shi liu fang
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: The anti-Ching patriots, under the guidance of Ho Kuang-han, have secretly set up their base in Canton, disguised as school masters. During a brutal Manchu attack, Lui manages to escape and...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: An Unmarried Woman
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A wealthy woman from Manhattan's Upper East Side struggles to deal with her new identity and her sexuality after her husband of 16 years leaves her for a younger woman.
46. Movie: Interiors
Genre: Drama
Description: Three sisters find their lives spinning out of control in the wake of their parents' sudden, unexpected divorce.
47. Movie: Magic
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A ventriloquist is at the mercy of his vicious dummy while he tries to renew a romance with his high school sweetheart.
48. Movie: La cage aux folles
Genre: Comedy
Description: Two gay men living in St. Tropez have their lives turned upside down when the son of one of the men announces he is getting married. They try to conceal their lifestyle and their ownership ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Revenge of the Pink Panther
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: To prove that he still is strong and powerful, Philippe Douvier decides to kill Clouseau. Once news of his "death" has been announced, Clouseau tries to take advantage of it and goes undercover with Cato to find out who tried to kill him.
50. Movie: Uchu kara no messeji
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: In this Star Wars take-off, the peaceful planet of Jillucia has been nearly wiped out by the Gavanas, whose leader takes orders from his mother (played by a comic actor in drag) rather than...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
