Most Popular Feature Films Released 1929-01-01 to 1929-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Weary River
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A gangster is put in prison, but finds salvation through music while serving his time. Again on the outside, he finds success elusive and temptations abound.
2. Movie: Die Büchse der Pandora
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: The rise and inevitable fall of an amoral but naive young woman whose insouciant eroticism inspires lust and violence in those around her.
3. Movie: The Broadway Melody
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: A pair of sisters from the vaudeville circuit try to make it big time on Broadway, but matters of the heart complicate the attempt.
4. Movie: Blackmail
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: After killing a man in self-defence, a young woman is blackmailed by a witness to the killing.
5. Movie: The Cocoanuts
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: During the Florida land boom, the Marx brothers run a hotel, auction off some land, thwart a jewel robbery, and generally act like themselves.
6. Movie: Piccadilly
Genre: Drama, Crime
Description: A young Chinese woman, working in the kitchen at a London dance club, is given the chance to become the club's main act which soon leads to a plot of betrayal, forbidden love and murder.
7. Movie: The Canary Murder Case
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A beautiful showgirl, name "the Canary" is a scheming nightclub singer. Blackmailing is her game and with that she ends up dead. But who killed "the Canary". All the suspects knew and were ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: Tagebuch einer Verlorenen
Genre: Drama
Description: Thymiane is a beautiful young girl who is not having a storybook life. Her governess, Elizabeth, is thrown out of her home when she is pregnant, only to be later found drowned. That same ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
9. Movie: Queen Kelly
Genre: Drama
Description: A convent girl is abducted and seduced by a prince before being sent off to a brothel in East Africa.
10. Movie: Frau im Mond
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A tenacious scientist blasts off for the moon in hopes of riches that may be found there.
11. Movie: Hallelujah
Genre: Drama, Musical
Description: In a juke joint, sharecropper Zeke falls for a beautiful dancer, Chick, but she's only setting him up for a rigged craps game. He loses $100, the money he got for the sale of his family's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: Why Be Good?
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A flapper with a dubious reputation enjoys a vivacious night of dancing and finds herself romantically linked to her boss.
13. Movie: Arsenal
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Set in the bleak aftermath and devastation of the World War I, a recently demobbed soldier, Timosh, returns to his hometown Kiev, after having survived a train wreck. His arrival coincides ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
14. Movie: The Love Parade
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: The queen of mythical Sylvania marries a courtier, who finds his new life unsatisfying.
15. Movie: The Thirteenth Chair
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: Although his murdered friend was by all accounts a scoundrel a true "bounder" Edward Wales is determined to trap his killer by staging a seance using a famous medium. Many of the 13 seance ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: The Trespasser
Genre: Drama
Description: The trial and tribulations of a strong-willed woman who elopes and gives birth out of wedlock without telling her ex-husband.
17. Movie: Coquette
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A flirtatious southern belle is compromised with one of her beaus.
18. Movie: The Manxman
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A fisherman and a rising young lawyer, who grew up as brothers, fall in love with the same girl.
19. Movie: Juno and the Paycock
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: During the Irish revolution, a family earns a big inheritance. They start leading a rich life forgetting what the most important values are.
20. Movie: Asphalt
Genre: Drama
Description: Joe May's sensual drama of life in the Berlin underworld is in many ways the perfect summation of German filmmaking in the silent era: a dazzling visual style, a psychological approach to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: The Virginian
Genre: Western
Description: A good-natured cowboy who is romancing the new schoolmarm has a crisis of conscience when he discovers his best friend is engaged in cattle rustling.
22. Movie: The Hollywood Revue of 1929
Genre: Musical
Description: An all-star revue featuring MGM contract players.
23. Movie: The Show of Shows
Genre: Musical
Description: It's 1929. The studio gave the cinema its voice gave offered the audiences a chance to see their favorite actors and actresses from the silent screen era to see and for the first time can ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: The Four Feathers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: When British officer Harry resigns from his regiment, he is labeled a coward by his family and friends. Harry receives four white feathers as a mark of a coward. In order to redeem himself ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: The Wild Party
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Wild girls at a college pay more attention to parties than their classes. But when one party girl, Stella Ames, goes too far at a local bar and gets in trouble, her professor has to rescue ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: The Wolf of Wall Street
Genre: Drama
Description: A ruthless stockbroker sells short in the copper business and ruins the life of his friends by ruining their finances.
27. Movie: The Iron Mask
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: King Louis XIII of France is thrilled to have born to him a son - an heir to the throne. But when the queen delivers a twin, Cardinal Richelieu sees the second son as a potential for ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: The Locked Door
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: On her first anniversary Ann Reagan finds that her sister-in-law is involved with a shady character from her own past, and determines to intervene.
29. Movie: Glorifying the American Girl
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: The rise of a showgirl, Gloria Hughes, culminating in a Ziegfeld extravaganza "Glorifying the American Girl".
30. Movie: Rio Rita
Genre: Musical, Romance, Western
Description: Capt. James Stewart pursues the bandit "The Kinkajou" over the Mexican border and falls in love with Rita. He suspects, that her brother is the bandit.
31. Movie: The Single Standard
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The wealthy Arden Stuart is bored in a party; after refusing the wedding proposal of Tommy Hewlett, she drives her car with her driver to a lonely place. She has one night stand with him ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Die weiße Hölle vom Piz Palü
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A man climbs a 12,000-foot mountain to search for his wife, who was lost on their honeymoon. Another couple makes the dangerous climb with him.
33. Movie: Why Bring That Up?
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: George's partner in vaudeville quits their act, claiming that Betty has broken his heart. George then teams up with Charlie, a stranded trouper, and Irving becomes their manager. Later, in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: Erotikon
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young woman is seduced and abandoned by a man who was invited to stay at his home by her father in a stormy night. Noticing that she is pregnant, the girl decides to leave home and start a new life.
35. Movie: Bulldog Drummond
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A bored WWI veteran helps out a young woman, who believes her uncle is being held hostage.
36. Movie: The Taming of the Shrew
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: In sixteenth century Padua, Hortensio loves Bianca, the youngest daughter of Baptista. But Baptista will not allow the two to get married until his eldest daughter, the extremely headstrong...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The Black Watch
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: Captain Donald King of the British Army goes to India just as World War I breaks out, convincing his comrades that he is a coward. In reality, he is on a secret mission to rescue British ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: The Great Gabbo
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: An insanely, egocentric ventriloquist, even though he is possessed by his wooden dummy, is in love with a dancer who is in love with another. The dummy gives advice to the ventriloquist.
39. Movie: The Greene Murder Case
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: At the end of each year, the extremely wealthy but odious Greene family gets together at the spooky old family castle to establish terms of a will, though they despise each other. This year...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Applause
Genre: Drama, Musical
Description: A burlesque star seeks to keep her convent-raised daughter away from her low-down life and abusive lover/stage manager.
41. Movie: Show Boat
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: A mostly silent version of Edna Ferber's original novel, with some songs from the musical as a last-minute addition
42. Movie: The Divine Lady
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: The story of the romance between Emma, Lady Hamilton, and British war hero Admiral Horatio Nelson.
43. Movie: Words and Music
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Phil and Pete compete for Mary's love and also in a contest for best song written by a college student.
44. Movie: A Cottage on Dartmoor
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Flashback story of an escape from the lonely, high-security Dartmoor Prison. A jealous barber's assistant is enraged by the attentions that his manicurist girlfriend pays to a customer. He ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Staroye i novoye
Genre: Drama
Description: 100.000.000 peasants - illiterate, poor, hungry. There comes a day when one woman decides that she can live old life no longer. Using ways of new Soviet state and industrial progress she changes life and labor of her village.
46. Movie: Sunnyside Up
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Molly and Bee, sweet young 'working girls,' live in a cheap room over a New York grocery store. Molly's idol, wealthy Jack Cromwell, lives in a Long Island mansion but is markedly less ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: The Saturday Night Kid
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Jayme and sister Janie are salesgirls in Ginsberg's Department Store. Mayme is in love with store clerk Bill, but Janie tries to steal him from her. Hazel, another salesgirl, is Jean Harlow's first credited role.
48. Movie: Disraeli
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Prime Minister of Great Britain Benjamin Disraeli outwits the subterfuge of the Russians and chicanery at home in order to secure the purchase of the Suez Canal.
49. Movie: Lucky Star
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Mary, a poor farm girl, meets Tim just as word comes that war has been declared. Tim enlists in the army and goes to the battlefields of Europe, where he is wounded and loses the use of his...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Thunderbolt
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A criminal known as Thunderbolt is imprisoned and facing execution. Into the next cell is placed Bob Moran, an innocent man who has been framed and who is in love with Thunderbolt's girl. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
