Most Popular Feature Films Released 1989-01-01 to 1989-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana Jones must follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis.
2. Movie: Dead Poets Society
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: English teacher John Keating inspires his students to look at poetry with a different perspective of authentic knowledge and feelings.
3. Movie: Batman
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: The Dark Knight of Gotham City begins his war on crime with his first major enemy being the clownishly homicidal Joker.
4. Movie: Road House
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: A tough bouncer is hired to tame a dirty bar.
5. Movie: Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: The scientist father of a teenage girl and boy accidentally shrinks his and two other neighborhood teens to the size of insects. Now the teens must fight diminutive dangers as the father searches for them.
6. Movie: Back to the Future Part II
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: After visiting 2015, Marty McFly must repeat his visit to 1955 to prevent disastrous changes to 1985...without interfering with his first trip.
7. Movie: The Little Mermaid
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: A mermaid princess makes a Faustian bargain with an unscrupulous sea-witch in order to meet a human prince on land.
8. Movie: The 'Burbs
Genre: Comedy, Mystery, Thriller
Description: An overstressed suburbanite and his fellow neighbors are convinced that the new family on the block are part of a murderous cult.
9. Movie: Glory
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Robert Gould Shaw leads the US Civil War's first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices of both his own Union army and the Confederates.
10. Movie: The Abyss
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: A civilian diving team is enlisted to search for a lost nuclear submarine and face danger while encountering an alien aquatic species.
11. Movie: When Harry Met Sally...
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Harry and Sally have known each other for years, and are very good friends, but they fear sex would ruin the friendship.
12. Movie: Lethal Weapon 2
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Riggs and Murtaugh are on the trail of South African diplomats who are using their immunity to engage in criminal activities.
13. Movie: National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
Genre: Comedy
Description: The Griswold family's plans for a big family Christmas predictably turn into a big disaster.
14. Movie: Say Anything...
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college.
15. Movie: Ghostbusters II
Genre: Action, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: The discovery of a massive river of ectoplasm and a resurgence of spectral activity allows the staff of Ghostbusters to revive the business.
16. Movie: Field of Dreams
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Description: An Iowa corn farmer, hearing voices, interprets them as a command to build a baseball diamond in his fields; he does, and the Chicago White Sox come.
17. Movie: Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Music
Description: Two seemingly dumb teens struggle to prepare a historical presentation with the help of a time machine.
18. Movie: Steel Magnolias
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A young beautician, newly arrived in a small Louisiana town, finds work at the local salon, where a small group of women share a close bond of friendship and welcome her into the fold.
19. Movie: Tango &amp; Cash
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Two cops are framed and must clear their names.
20. Movie: Weekend at Bernie's
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: Two losers try to pretend that their murdered employer is really alive, leading the hitman to attempt to track him down to finish him off.
21. Movie: Uncle Buck
Genre: Comedy
Description: Bachelor and all round slob, Buck, babysits his brother's rebellious teenage daughter and her cute younger brother and sister.
22. Movie: Pet Sematary
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Behind a young family's home in Maine is a terrible secret that holds the power of life after death. When tragedy strikes, the threat of that power soon becomes undeniable.
23. Movie: Do the Right Thing
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: On the hottest day of the year on a street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, everyone's hate and bigotry smolders and builds until it explodes into violence.
24. Movie: Kickboxer
Genre: Action, Sport, Thriller
Description: Kurt Sloane must learn the ancient kick boxing art of Muay Thai in order to avenge his brother.
25. Movie: Licence to Kill
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond goes rogue and sets off to unleash vengeance on a drug lord who tortured his best friend, a C.I.A. agent, and left him for dead and murdered his bride after he helped capture him.
26. Movie: Parenthood
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: The Buckmans are a midwestern family all dealing with their lives: estranged relatives, raising children, pressures of the job, and learning to be a good parent and spouse.
27. Movie: Driving Miss Daisy
Genre: Drama
Description: An old Jewish woman and her African-American chauffeur in the American South have a relationship that grows and improves over the years.
28. Movie: Major League
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: The new owner of the Cleveland Indians puts together a purposely horrible team so they'll lose and she can move the team. But when the plot is uncovered, they start winning just to spite her.
29. Movie: Born on the Fourth of July
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: The biography of Ron Kovic. Paralyzed in the Vietnam war, he becomes an anti-war and pro-human rights political activist after feeling betrayed by the country he fought for.
30. Movie: My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: Christy Brown, born with cerebral palsy, learns to paint and write with his only controllable limb - his left foot.
31. Movie: Turner &amp; Hooch
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: A detective must adopt the dog of a dead man to help him find the murderer.
32. Movie: Majo no takkyûbin
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service.
33. Movie: Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Thriller
Description: A boat of graduating high school students bound for Manhattan pulls Jason Voorhees along for the ride. Look out, New York - here comes Hell in a hockey mask.
34. Movie: The Karate Kid Part III
Genre: Action, Drama, Family
Description: Ostracised villain John Kreese attempts to gain revenge on Daniel and Miyagi, with the help of a Vietnam War comrade, the wealthy owner of a toxic waste disposal business.
35. Movie: DeepStar Six
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: At the bottom of the ocean, the DeepStar Six has just discovered a new and deadly alien menace.
36. Movie: Black Rain
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Two NYC cops arrest a Yakuza member and must escort him when he's extradited to Japan.
37. Movie: Chances Are
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: This is a fiercely tender, sparkly sleeper gem, with stellar cast, about spirituality, the unconditional nature of the soul mate, loyalty and love and an alternate view to death.
38. Movie: Teen Witch
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: High school misfit Louise, at a loss for romance, discovers magical abilities, but the teenage witch finds that she cannot conjure herself true love, so what?
39. Movie: Always
Genre: Fantasy, Romance
Description: A romantic adventure about a legendary pilot's passion for dare-devil firefighting and his girl.
40. Movie: The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: The wife of an abusive criminal finds solace in the arms of a kind regular guest in her husband's restaurant.
41. Movie: Little Monsters
Genre: Comedy, Adventure, Family
Description: A boy discovers an incredible and gruesome world of monsters under his bed.
42. Movie: Sex, Lies, and Videotape
Genre: Drama
Description: A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything.
43. Movie: Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Captain Kirk and his crew must deal with Mr. Spock's long-lost half-brother who hijacks the Enterprise for an obsessive search for God at the center of the galaxy.
44. Movie: All Dogs Go to Heaven
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Drama
Description: A dog returns from the dead looking for revenge on his killer using an orphan girl who can talk to animals.
45. Movie: The Punisher
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: When Frank Castle's family is murdered by criminals, he wages war on crime as a vigilante assassin known only as the Punisher.
46. Movie: Casualties of War
Genre: Crime, Drama, War
Description: During the Vietnam War, a soldier finds himself the outsider of his own squad when they unnecessarily kidnap a female villager.
47. Movie: Lean on Me
Genre: Drama
Description: The dedicated but tyrannical Joe Clark is appointed the principal of a decaying inner-city school that he is determined to improve.
48. Movie: See No Evil, Hear No Evil
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Dave is deaf, and Wally is blind. They witness a murder, but it was Dave who was looking at her, and Wally who was listening.
49. Movie: The War of the Roses
Genre: Comedy
Description: A married couple try everything to get each other to leave the house in a vicious divorce battle.
50. Movie: Harlem Nights
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: During the 1920s, a New York illegal gambling house owner and his associates must deal with strong competition, gangsters and corrupt cops in order to stay in business.
