Most Popular Feature Films Released 2004-01-01 to 2004-12-31 : 
1. Movie: A Series of Unfortunate Events
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: When a massive fire kills their parents, three children are delivered to the custody of cousin and stage actor Count Olaf, who is secretly plotting to steal their parents' vast fortune.
2. Movie: The Incredibles
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure
Description: A family of undercover superheroes, while trying to live the quiet suburban life, are forced into action to save the world.
3. Movie: The Notebook
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A poor yet passionate young man falls in love with a rich young woman, giving her a sense of freedom, but they are soon separated because of their social differences.
4. Movie: Troy
Genre: Adventure
Description: An adaptation of Homer's great epic, the film follows the assault on Troy by the united Greek forces and chronicles the fates of the men involved.
5. Movie: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: It's Harry's third year at Hogwarts; not only does he have a new "Defense Against the Dark Arts" teacher, but there is also trouble brewing. Convicted murderer Sirius Black has escaped the Wizards' Prison and is coming after Harry.
6. Movie: Mean Girls
Genre: Comedy
Description: Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George.
7. Movie: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a procedure to have each other erased from their memories. But it is only through the process of loss that they discover what they had to begin with.
8. Movie: The Machinist
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: An industrial worker who hasn't slept in a year begins to doubt his own sanity.
9. Movie: The Village
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A series of events tests the beliefs of a small isolated countryside village.
10. Movie: Ocean's Twelve
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: Daniel Ocean recruits one more team member so he can pull off three major European heists in this sequel to Ocean's 11.
11. Movie: Crash
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Los Angeles citizens with vastly separate lives collide in interweaving stories of race, loss and redemption.
12. Movie: Man on Fire
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: In Mexico City, a former assassin swears vengeance on those who committed an unspeakable act against the family he was hired to protect.
13. Movie: Resident Evil: Apocalypse
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Alice awakes in Raccoon City, only to find it has become infested with zombies and monsters. With the help of Jill Valentine and Carlos Olivera, Alice must find a way out of the city before it is destroyed by a nuclear missile.
14. Movie: The Phantom of the Opera
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: A young soprano becomes the obsession of a disfigured musical genius who lives beneath the Paris Opra House.
15. Movie: The Aviator
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A biopic depicting the early years of legendary director and aviatorHoward Hughes' career from the late 1920s to the mid-1940s.
16. Movie: White Chicks
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Two disgraced FBI agents go way undercover in an effort to protect hotel heiresses the Wilson Sisters from a kidnapping plot.
17. Movie: The Chronicles of Riddick
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: The wanted criminal Riddick arrives on a planet called Helion Prime, and finds himself up against an invading empire called the Necromongers, an army that plans to convert or kill all humans in the universe.
18. Movie: EuroTrip
Genre: Comedy
Description: Dumped by his girlfriend, a high school grad decides to embark on an overseas adventure in Europe with his friends.
19. Movie: The Punisher
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: An undercover FBI agent becomes a vigilante assassin and sets out to unleash his wrath upon the corrupt businessman who slaughtered his entire family at a reunion.
20. Movie: King Arthur
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A demystified take on the tale of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.
21. Movie: The Day After Tomorrow
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Jack Hall, paleoclimatologist, must make a daring trek across America to reach his son, trapped in the cross-hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new Ice Age.
22. Movie: Der Untergang
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.
23. Movie: A Cinderella Story
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: Routinely exploited by her wicked stepmother, the downtrodden Sam Montgomery is excited about the prospect of meeting her Internet beau at the school's Halloween dance.
24. Movie: The Girl Next Door
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A teenager's dreams come true when a former porn star moves in next door and they fall in love.
25. Movie: The Passion of the Christ
Genre: Drama
Description: Depicts the final twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem.
26. Movie: Saw
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Two strangers awaken in a room with no recollection of how they got there or why, and soon discover they are pawns in a deadly game perpetrated by a notorious serial killer.
27. Movie: Million Dollar Baby
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: A determined woman works with a hardened boxing trainer to become a professional.
28. Movie: Spanglish
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A woman and her daughter emigrate from Mexico for a better life in America, where they start working for a family where the patriarch is a newly celebrated chef with an insecure wife.
29. Movie: Closer
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The relationships of two couples become complicated and deceitful when the man from one couple meets the woman of the other.
30. Movie: Hellboy
Genre: Action, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A demon, raised from infancy after being conjured by and rescued from the Nazis, grows up to become a defender against the forces of darkness.
31. Movie: Spider-Man 2
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius.
32. Movie: The Butterfly Effect
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Evan Treborn suffers blackouts during significant events of his life. As he grows up, he finds a way to remember these lost memories and a supernatural way to alter his life by reading his journal.
33. Movie: Shaun of the Dead
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A man decides to turn his moribund life around by winning back his ex-girlfriend, reconciling his relationship with his mother, and dealing with an entire community that has returned from the dead to eat the living.
34. Movie: Van Helsing
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: The notorious monster hunter is sent to Transylvania to stop Count Dracula who is using Dr. Frankenstein's research and a werewolf for some sinister purpose.
35. Movie: Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: A group of misfits enter a Las Vegas dodgeball tournament in order to save their cherished local gym from the onslaught of a corporate health fitness chain.
36. Movie: 50 First Dates
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment up until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams, until he discovers she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the very next day.
37. Movie: Hauru no ugoku shiro
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: When an unconfident young woman is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch, her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self-indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged, walking castle.
38. Movie: Napoleon Dynamite
Genre: Comedy
Description: A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home.
39. Movie: Kill Bill: Vol. 2
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: The Bride continues her quest of vengeance against her former boss and lover Bill, the reclusive bouncer Budd and the treacherous, one-eyed Elle.
40. Movie: Collateral
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A cab driver finds himself the hostage of an engaging contract killer as he makes his rounds from hit to hit during one night in Los Angeles.
41. Movie: Layer Cake
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A successful cocaine dealer gets two tough assignments from his boss on the eve of his planned early retirement.
42. Movie: The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: With a plan to exact revenge on a mythical shark that killed his partner, oceanographer Steve Zissou rallies a crew that includes his estranged wife, a journalist, and a man who may or may not be his son.
43. Movie: The Bourne Supremacy
Genre: Action, Mystery, Thriller
Description: When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive.
44. Movie: National Treasure
Genre: Action, Adventure, Family
Description: A historian races to find the legendary Templar Treasure before a team of mercenaries.
45. Movie: The Terminal
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An eastern immigrant finds himself stranded in JFK airport, and must take up temporary residence there.
46. Movie: Dawn of the Dead
Genre: Action, Horror, Thriller
Description: A nurse, a policeman, a young married couple, a salesman, and other survivors of a worldwide plague that is producing aggressive, flesh-eating zombies, take refuge in a mega Midwestern shopping mall.
47. Movie: AVP: Alien vs. Predator
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: During an archaeological expedition on Bouvetya Island in Antarctica, a team of archaeologists and other scientists find themselves caught up in a battle between the two legends. Soon, the team realize that only one species can win.
48. Movie: Taking Lives
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: An FBI profiler is called in by French Canadian police to catch a serial killer who takes on the identity of each new victim.
49. Movie: Alexander
Genre: Action, Adventure, Biography
Description: Alexander, the King of Macedonia and one of the greatest military leaders in the history of warfare, conquers much of the known world.
50. Movie: Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Genre: Comedy
Description: Ron Burgundy is San Diego's top-rated newsman in the male-dominated broadcasting of the 1970s, but that's all about to change for Ron and his cronies when an ambitious woman is hired as a new anchor.
