Most Popular Feature Films Released 1934-01-01 to 1934-12-31 : 
1. Movie: It Happened One Night
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.
2. Movie: Cleopatra
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The man-hungry Queen of Egypt leads Julius Caesar and Mark Antony astray, amid scenes of DeMillean splendor.
3. Movie: The Thin Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Former detective Nick Charles and his wealthy wife Nora investigate a murder case, mostly for the fun of it.
4. Movie: Riptide
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Park Avenue party-girl Mary (Norma Shearer) and staid English nobleman, Lord Phillip Rexford (Herbert Marshall) are married on a lark, they live happily in London. He must travel to America...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
5. Movie: Dames
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A multimillionaire decides to boycott "filthy" forms of entertainment such as Broadway shows.
6. Movie: Outcast Lady
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Add a Plot
7. Movie: The Scarlet Empress
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Young Princess Sophia of Germany is taken to Russia to marry the half-wit Grand Duke Peter, son of the Empress. The domineering Empress hopes to improve the royal blood line. Sophia doesn't...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: The Man Who Knew Too Much
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A man and his wife receive a clue to an imminent assassination attempt, only to learn that their daughter has been kidnapped to keep them quiet.
9. Movie: Cockeyed Cavaliers
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Two yokels try to crash royal society by posing as the King's physicians.
10. Movie: Imitation of Life
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Bea Pullman and her daughter Jessie have had a hard time making ends meet since Bea's husband died. Help comes in the form of Delilah Johnson, who agrees to work as Bea's housekeeper in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
11. Movie: Babes in Toyland
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: Opposing the evil Barnaby, Ollie Dee and Stanley Dum try and fail to pay-off Mother Peep's mortgage and mislead his attempts to marry Little Bo. Enraged, Barnaby's boogeymen are set on Toyland.
12. Movie: Of Human Bondage
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young man finds himself attracted to a cold and unfeeling waitress who may ultimately destroy them both.
13. Movie: The Black Cat
Genre: Adventure, Crime, Horror
Description: American honeymooners in Hungary become trapped in the home of a Satan-worshiping priest when the bride is taken there for medical help following a road accident.
14. Movie: The Gay Divorcee
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: An American woman travels to England to seek a divorce from her absentee husband, where she meets - and falls for - a dashing performer.
15. Movie: The Count of Monte Cristo
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: After greedy men have Edmound Dantes unjustly imprisoned for 20 years for innocently delivering a letter entrusted to him, he escapes to get his revenge on them.
16. Movie: L'Atalante
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Newly married couple Juliette and a ship captain Jean struggle through marriage as they travel on the L'atalante along with the captain's first mate Le pre Jules and a cabin boy.
17. Movie: The Scarlet Pimpernel
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: A noblewoman discovers her husband is The Scarlet Pimpernel, a vigilante who rescues aristocrats from the blade of the guillotine.
18. Movie: Manhattan Melodrama
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: The friendship between two orphans endures even though they grow up on opposite sides of the law and fall in love with the same woman.
19. Movie: Bright Eyes
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: An orphaned girl is taken in by a snobbish family at the insistence of their rich, crotchety uncle, even as her devoted aviator godfather fights for custody.
20. Movie: Twentieth Century
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A flamboyant Broadway impresario who has fallen on hard times tries to get his former lover, now a Hollywood diva, to return and resurrect his failing career.
21. Movie: Death at Broadcasting House
Genre: Mystery
Description: When an actor is murdered at the BBC Inspector Gregory finds he has many suspects to choose from.
22. Movie: Treasure Island
Genre: Adventure
Description: Young Jim Hawkins is torn between his loyalty to his benefactors and his affection for lovable rogue Long John Silver in their struggle to recover a buried pirate treasure.
23. Movie: Anne of Green Gables
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A romantic teenage girl is adopted by a pair of elderly siblings in turn-of-the-century Canada.
24. Movie: Death Takes a Holiday
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: Death decides to take a holiday from his usual business to see what it is like to be a mortal. Posing as Prince Sirki, he spends 3 days with Duke Lambert and his guests at his dukal estate....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Now and Forever
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Young freewheeling wanderer Jerry Day and his beautiful wife Toni are at odds over their lifestyle. Jerry can't accept responsibility but Toni yearns for a family and a settled life. Then ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: Blue Steel
Genre: Western
Description: U.S. marshal John Carruthers observes a robbery and Sheriff Jake thinks he may be the culprit. Meanwhile the town's leading citizen is planning to rob everybody blind.
27. Movie: The Lawless Frontier
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Mexican outlaw Zanti killed John Tobin's parents. John teams up with Dusty, also hurt by Zanti, to get the bad guy.
28. Movie: The Lost Patrol
Genre: Adventure, War
Description: A dozen British soldiers, lost in a Mesopotamian desert during world war I, are menaced by unseen Arab enemies.
29. Movie: Tarzan and His Mate
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: The idyllic life of Tarzan and Jane is challenged by men on safari who come seeking ivory, and come seeking Jane as well.
30. Movie: Midnight
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A.K.A., Call it Murder. Humphrey Bogart had only a bit part in this film.
31. Movie: The Merry Widow
Genre: Musical, Comedy, Romance
Description: The small kingdom of Marshovia has a little problem. The main tax-payer, the wealthy widow Sonia (who pays 52 0f the taxes) has left for Paris So Count Danilo is sent to Paris, to stop her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Evelyn Prentice
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Romance
Description: The neglected wife of a high profile attorney dallies with a unscrupulous womanizer and finds herself involved in blackmail and murder.
33. Movie: It's a Gift
Genre: Comedy
Description: A henpecked New Jersey grocer makes plans to move to California to grow oranges, despite the resistance of his overbearing wife.
34. Movie: Waltzes from Vienna
Genre: Biography, Music, Romance
Description: The story of Johann Strauss the elder and younger.
35. Movie: Charlie Chan in London
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Charlie visits a wealthy country home in England. Suspects in the murder range from a housekeeper, to a stableman, to a lawyer.
36. Movie: The Painted Veil
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A wife neglected by her husband, a medical researcher in China, falls in love with a dashing diplomatic attach.
37. Movie: The House of Rothschild
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The wealthy Rothschild family undergoes prejudice from the anti-Semitic society they live within.
38. Movie: The Barretts of Wimpole Street
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: Elizabeth Barrett's tyrannical father has forbidden any of his family to marry. Nevertheless, Elizabeth falls in love with the poet Robert Browning.
39. Movie: The Man from Utah
Genre: Adventure, Crime, Romance
Description: In a horse-riding rodeo contest bad guys want John Weston to lose. When he doesn't go along they add some insurance: a poisoned needle just under his saddle.
40. Movie: 'Neath the Arizona Skies
Genre: Western
Description: Chris Morrell, the guardian of half-Indian girl Nina, is helping her find her missing white father. so she can cash in on her late mother's oil lease. Outlaw Sam Black is after the girl and...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Our Daily Bread
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A group of down-on-their-luck workers combine their abilities to make a Gallafentian-style commune... and bread!
42. Movie: Moulin Rouge
Genre: Comedy
Description: A singer marries a famous composer, and after a while she gets the itch to go back on the stage. However, her husband won't let her. When she hears that a popular French singer named "...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Les misérables
Genre: Drama
Description: The lives of numerous people over the course of 20 years in 19th century France, weaved together by the story of an ex-convict named Jean Valjean on the run from an obsessive police inspector, who pursues him for only a minor offense.
44. Movie: Freedom of the Seas
Genre: Drama
Description: A mild mannered clerk, with a crush on his boss's daughter, is led astray by an old friend.
45. Movie: Born to Be Bad
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Letty, a young woman who ended up pregnant, unmarried and on the streets at fifteen is bitter and determined that her child will not grow up to be taken advantage of. Letty teaches her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Viva Villa!
Genre: Biography, Western
Description: In this fictionalized biography, young Pancho Villa takes to the hills after killing an overseer in revenge for his father's death. In 1910, he befriends American reporter Johnny Sykes. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Little Miss Marker
Genre: Comedy, Family, Drama
Description: Little Martha Jane, aka Little Miss Marker (Temple) is left with the bookmaker Sorrowful Jones by her dad as part of a bet on a horserace. Sorrowful (Menjou) and his group of fellow bookies...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Here Comes the Groom
Genre: Comedy
Description: Piccolo player Mike Scanlon loses his girl due to his unexciting lifestyle, so he decides to commit a robbery to gain notoriety. But the robbery goes awry and Mike finds himself on the run ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Broadway Bill
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A runaway heiress and her sister's husband join forces to race the latter's fast horse, Broadway Bill.
50. Movie: Zouzou
Genre: Crime, Musical, Romance
Description: Zou Zou tries to help her childhood friend prove his innocence after he's accused of murder.
