Most Popular Feature Films Released 1948-01-01 to 1948-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A man and his wife decide they can afford to have a house in the country built to their specifications. It's a lot more trouble than they think.
2. Movie: Red River
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: Dunson leads a cattle drive, the culmination of over 14 years of work, to its destination in Missouri. But his tyrannical behavior along the way causes a mutiny, led by his adopted son.
3. Movie: Rope
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Two young men strangle their "inferior" classmate, hide his body in their apartment, and invite his friends and family to a dinner party as a means to challenge the "perfection" of their crime.
4. Movie: Ladri di biciclette
Genre: Drama
Description: In post-war Italy, a working-class man's bicycle is stolen. He and his son set out to find it.
5. Movie: The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Western
Description: Fred Dobbs and Bob Curtin, two Americans searching for work in Mexico, convince an old prospector to help them mine for gold in the Sierra Madre Mountains.
6. Movie: The Red Shoes
Genre: Drama, Music, Musical
Description: A young ballet dancer is torn between the man she loves and her pursuit to become a prima ballerina.
7. Movie: Key Largo
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A man visits his old friend's hotel and finds a gangster running things. As a hurricane approaches, the two end up confronting each other.
8. Movie: Romance on the High Seas
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Romantic misunderstandings abound when spouses suspect each other of being unfaithful, and a nightclub singer takes a cruise under a false identity.
9. Movie: Adventures of Don Juan
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: The great lover Don Juan comes to the assistance of his queen.
10. Movie: Johnny Belinda
Genre: Drama
Description: In post-war Cape Breton, a doctor's efforts to tutor a deaf/mute woman are undermined when she is raped, and the resulting pregnancy causes scandal to swirl.
11. Movie: Fort Apache
Genre: Western
Description: At Fort Apache, an honorable and veteran war captain finds conflict when his regime is placed under the command of a young, glory hungry lieutenant colonel with no respect for the local Indian tribe.
12. Movie: Oliver Twist
Genre: Drama
Description: An orphan named Oliver Twist meets a pickpocket on the streets of London. From there, he joins a household of boys who are trained to steal for their master.
13. Movie: Hamlet
Genre: Drama
Description: Prince Hamlet struggles over whether or not he should kill his uncle, whom he suspects has murdered his father, the former king.
14. Movie: Bud Abbott Lou Costello Meet Frankenstein
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: Two hapless freight handlers find themselves encountering Dracula, the Frankenstein Monster and the Wolf Man.
15. Movie: The Black Arrow
Genre: Action, Adventure, History
Description: Yong nobleman Richard Shelton returns from the War of the Roses to find his father murdered, a fugitive family friend blamed, and his uncle occupying his estates.
16. Movie: The Three Musketeers
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: D'Artagnan and his musketeer comrades thwart the plans of Royal Prime Minister Richelieu to usurp the King's power.
17. Movie: They Live by Night
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Romance
Description: An escaped convict, injured during a robbery, falls in love with the woman who nurses him back to health, but their relationship seems doomed from the beginning.
18. Movie: Easter Parade
Genre: Musical, Romance
Description: A nightclub performer hires a naive chorus girl to become his new dance partner to make his former partner jealous and to prove he can make any partner a star.
19. Movie: Joan of Arc
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: In the Fifteenth Century, France is a defeated and ruined nation after the One Hundred Years War against England. The fourteen years old farm girl Joan of Arc claims to hear voices from ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Macbeth
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: In fog-dripping, barren and sometimes macabre settings, 11th-century Scottish nobleman Macbeth is led by an evil prophecy and his ruthless yet desirable wife to the treasonous act that ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: The Naked City
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: New York City film noir about two detectives investigating the death of an attractive young woman. The apparent suicide turns out to be murder.
22. Movie: Germania anno zero
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A young German boy faces the problems of the tough life in the immediate post WWII Berlin.
23. Movie: The Pirate
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: A girl is engaged to the local richman, but meanwhile she has dreams about the legendary pirate Macoco. A traveling singer falls in love with her and to impress her he poses as the pirate.
24. Movie: Sorry, Wrong Number
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: While on the telephone, an invalid woman overhears what she thinks is a murder plot and attempts to prevent it.
25. Movie: 3 Godfathers
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: When 3 outlaws on the run find a dying woman and her newborn baby in the desert they vow to save the child.
26. Movie: Anna Karenina
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A married woman's affair with a dashing young officer has tragic results.
27. Movie: Yoidore tenshi
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A drunken doctor with a hot temper and a violence-prone gangster with tuberculosis form a quicksilver bond.
28. Movie: Letter from an Unknown Woman
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A pianist about to flee from a duel receives a letter from a woman he cannot remember, who may hold the key to his downfall.
29. Movie: Hollow Triumph
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Drama
Description: Pursued by the big-time gambler he robbed, John Muller takes a new identity, with ironic results.
30. Movie: The Snake Pit
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: A detailed chronicle of a woman during her stay in a mental institution.
31. Movie: The Fallen Idol
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A butler working in a foreign embassy in London falls under suspicion when his wife accidentally falls to her death, the only witness being an impressionable young boy.
32. Movie: The Big Clock
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: When powerful publishing tycoon Earl Janoth commits an act of murder at the height of passion, he cleverly begins to cover his tracks and frame an innocent man whose identity he doesn't ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: All My Sons
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: During WW2, industrialist Joe Keller commits a crime and frames his business partner Herbert Deever but years later his sin comes back to haunt him when Joe's son plans to marry Deever's daughter.
34. Movie: Melody Time
Genre: Animation, Family, Music
Description: An anthology of animated vignettes set to contemporary music.
35. Movie: The Velvet Touch
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Broadway star Valerie Stanton, breaking up with her producer-lover Gordon Dunning, unintentionally kills him. In flashback, she recalls meeting new flame Michael Morrell, and Dunning's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Superman
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: Superman comes to Earth as a child and grows up to be his home's first superhero with his first major challenge being to oppose The Spider Lady.
37. Movie: Portrait of Jennie
Genre: Drama, Romance, Fantasy
Description: A mysterious girl inspires a struggling artist.
38. Movie: The Boy with Green Hair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: This parable looks at public reaction when the hair of an American war orphan mysteriously turns green.
39. Movie: I Remember Mama
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: The ups and downs of a Norwegian immigrant family, circa 1910.
40. Movie: Yellow Sky
Genre: Crime, Western
Description: A pistol-packing tomboy and her grandfather discover a band of bank robbing bandits taking refuge in the neighboring ghost town.
41. Movie: The Woman in White
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Romance
Description: A young painter stumbles upon an assortment of odd characters at an English estate where he has been hired to give art lessons to beautiful Laura Fairlie. Among them are Anne Catherick, a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Call Northside 777
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Chicago reporter P.J. McNeal re-opens a ten year old murder case.
43. Movie: A Foreign Affair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: In occupied Berlin, an army captain is torn between an ex-Nazi caf singer and the U.S. congresswoman investigating her.
44. Movie: Wake of the Red Witch
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: During the 1860s in the South Pacific, Capt. Ralls, skipper of the Red Witch, has a series of adventures involving sunken gold bullion, pearls, natives, an unscrupulous ship owner and a giant octopus.
45. Movie: State of the Union
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: An industrialist is urged to run for President, but this requires uncomfortable compromises on both political and marital levels.
46. Movie: Words and Music
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Musical
Description: Fictionalized story of the songwriting partnership ofRichard RodgersandLorenz Hart.
47. Movie: So Dear to My Heart
Genre: Animation, Drama, Family
Description: This heartwarming classic tells the tale of a country boy who adopts a mischevious black lamb and learns valuable lessons about love and dedication.
48. Movie: The Search
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In post-war Berlin, an American private helps a lost Czech boy find his mother.
49. Movie: Pitfall
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: Insurance executive John Forbes falls for femme fatale Mona Stevens while her boyfriend is in jail and he suffers serious consequences as a result.
50. Movie: He Walked by Night
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: This film-noir piece, told in semi-documentary style, follows police on the hunt for a resourceful criminal who shoots and kills a cop.
