Most Popular Feature Films Released 1985-01-01 to 1985-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Back to the Future
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent 30 years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the maverick scientist Doc Brown.
2. Movie: Weird Science
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: Two high school nerds attempt to create the perfect woman, but she turns out to be more than that.
3. Movie: Legend
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A young man must stop the Lord of Darkness from both destroying daylight and marrying the woman he loves.
4. Movie: The Breakfast Club
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Five high school students meet in Saturday detention and discover how they have a lot more in common than they thought.
5. Movie: The Goonies
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: In order to save their home from foreclosure, a group of misfits set out to find a pirate's ancient valuable treasure.
6. Movie: Real Genius
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: Teenage geniuses deal with their abilities while developing a laser.
7. Movie: Clue
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Six guests are invited to a strange house and must cooperate with the staff to solve a murder mystery.
8. Movie: Brazil
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: A bureaucrat in a retro-future world tries to correct an administrative error and himself becomes an enemy of the state.
9. Movie: Perfect
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A female aerobics instructor meets a male reporter doing a story on health clubs, but it isn't love at first sight.
10. Movie: Rocky IV
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: After iron man Drago, a highly intimidating 6-foot-5, 261-pound Soviet athlete, kills Apollo Creed in an exhibition match, Rocky comes to the heart of Russia for 15 pile-driving boxing rounds of revenge.
11. Movie: Commando
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: A retired elite Black Ops Commando launches a one man war against a group of South American criminals who have kidnapped his daughter.
12. Movie: Return to Oz
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, is somehow called back to Oz when a vain witch and the Nome King destroy everything that makes the magical land beautiful.
13. Movie: Teen Wolf
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: An ordinary high school student discovers that his family has an unusual pedigree when he finds himself turning into a werewolf.
14. Movie: Better Off Dead...
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A teenager has to deal with his girlfriend dumping him among family crises, homicidal paper boys, and a rival skier.
15. Movie: Rambo: First Blood Part II
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: John Rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on Earth he'd want to return - the jungles of Vietnam.
16. Movie: Witness
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A young Amish boy is sole witness to a murder; policeman John Book goes into hiding in Amish country to protect him until the trial.
17. Movie: Silverado
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A misfit bunch of friends come together to right the injustices which exist in a small town.
18. Movie: The Color Purple
Genre: Drama
Description: A black Southern woman struggles to find her identity after suffering abuse from her father and others over four decades.
19. Movie: Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: After being exiled from the most advanced town in post apocalyptic Australia, a drifter travels with a group of abandoned children to rebel against the town's queen.
20. Movie: Silver Bullet
Genre: Horror
Description: A werewolf terrorizes a small city where lives the paralytic Marty Coslaw, his uncle, and his sister, the story's narrator.
21. Movie: Mask
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A teenager with a massive facial skull deformity and biker gang mother attempt to live as normal a life as possible under the circumstances.
22. Movie: Out of Africa
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: In 20th-century colonial Kenya, a Danish baroness/plantation owner has a passionate love affair with a free-spirited big-game hunter.
23. Movie: Idi i smotri
Genre: Drama, War
Description: After finding an old rifle, a young boy joins the Soviet resistance movement against ruthless German forces and experiences the horrors of World War II.
24. Movie: St. Elmo's Fire
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A group of friends, just out of college, struggle with adulthood.
25. Movie: Friday the 13th: A New Beginning
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Still haunted by his past, Tommy Jarvis - who, as a child, killed Jason Voorhees - wonders if the serial killer is connected to a series of brutal murders occurring in and around the secluded halfway house where he now lives.
26. Movie: Ran
Genre: Action, Drama
Description: In Medieval Japan, an elderly warlord retires, handing over his empire to his three sons. However, he vastly underestimates how the new-found power will corrupt them and cause them to turn on each other...and him.
27. Movie: The Man with One Red Shoe
Genre: Comedy, Thriller
Description: A man picked randomly out of a crowd is made the target of CIA survelliance and pursuit.
28. Movie: A Room with a View
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: When Lucy Honeychurch and chaperone Charlotte Bartlett find themselves in Florence with rooms without views, fellow guests Mr Emerson and son George step in to remedy the situation. Meeting...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: A View to a Kill
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: An investigation of a horse-racing scam leads 007 to a mad industrialist who plans to create a worldwide microchip monopoly by destroying California's Silicon Valley.
30. Movie: Red Sonja
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A vengeful woman sets out to retrieve a magic orb from an evil queen whom she vows vengeance upon after the evil queen slain her family and her loyal warriors raped her.
31. Movie: Fright Night
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: When a teenager learns that his next door neighbour is a vampire, no one will believe him.
32. Movie: Cocoon
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: When a group of trespassing seniors swim in a pool containing alien cocoons, they find themselves energized with youthful vigour.
33. Movie: Explorers
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: A boy obsessed with 50s sci-fi movies about aliens has a recurring dream about a blueprint of some kind, which he draws for his inventor friend. With the help of a third kid, they follow it and build themselves a spaceship. Now what?
34. Movie: Pee-wee's Big Adventure
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: When eccentric man-child Pee-Wee Herman gets his beloved bike stolen in broad daylight, he sets out across the U.S. on the adventure of his life.
35. Movie: Just One of the Guys
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Terry Griffith has got it all -- looks, popularity, the perfect college boyfriend, and an article that's a shoo-in to win her a summer internship at the local newspaper... or so she thinks....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: After Hours
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: An ordinary word processor has the worst night of his life after he agrees to visit a girl in Soho whom he met that evening at a coffee shop.
37. Movie: The Jewel of the Nile
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: This is the sequel to "Romancing the Stone" where Jack and Joan have their yacht and easy life, but are gradually getting bored with each other and this way of life. Joan accepts an ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Tuff Turf
Genre: Action, Drama
Description: The new kid in school must battle a gang of street toughs after stealing the gang leader's girl.
39. Movie: Flesh+Blood
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Girls Just Want to Have Fun
Genre: Comedy, Music, Romance
Description: Janey is new in town, and soon meets Lynne, who shares her passion for dancing in general, and "Dance TV" in particular. When a competition is announced to find a new Dance TV regular ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Re-Animator
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus.
42. Movie: The Last Dragon
Genre: Action, Comedy, Drama
Description: In New York City, a young man searches for the "master" to obtain the final level of martial arts mastery known as the glow. Along the way, he must fight a martial arts expert corrupted ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Ladyhawke
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: Philipe Gastone, a thief, escapes from the dungeon at Aquila, sparking a manhunt. He is nearly captured when Captain Navarre befriends him. Navarre has been hunted by the Bishop's men for ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: The Return of the Living Dead
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: When two bumbling employees at a medical supply warehouse accidentally release a deadly gas into the air, the vapors cause the dead to rise again as zombies.
45. Movie: Lifeforce
Genre: Action, Horror, Mystery
Description: A race of space vampires arrive in London and infect the populace.
46. Movie: Vision Quest
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sport
Description: A high school wrestler in Spokane, Washington has trouble focusing on his training regimen when a beautiful young drifter takes up temporary residence at his home.
47. Movie: Runaway Train
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Two escaped convicts and a female railway worker find themselves trapped on a train with no brakes and nobody driving.
48. Movie: A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A teenage boy is haunted in his dreams by Freddy Krueger who is out to possess him in order to continue his murder spree in the real world.
49. Movie: Enemy Mine
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A soldier from Earth crash-lands on an alien world after sustaining battle damage. Eventually he encounters another survivor, but from the enemy species he was fighting; they band together ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Desperately Seeking Susan
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A bored suburban housewife, seeking escape from her life, suffers amnesia after an accident, wakes up, and is mistaken for a free-spirited New York City drifter named Susan.
