Most Popular Feature Films Released 1973-01-01 to 1973-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Westworld
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A robot malfunction creates havoc and terror for unsuspecting vacationers at a futuristic, adult-themed amusement park.
2. Movie: The Exorcist
Genre: Horror
Description: When a teenage girl is possessed by a mysterious entity, her mother seeks the help of two priests to save her daughter.
3. Movie: American Graffiti
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: A couple of high school grads spend one final night cruising the strip with their buddies before they go off to college.
4. Movie: Dillinger
Genre: Action, Biography, Crime
Description: John Dillinger and his gang go on a bank robbing spree across the midwest, but one G-Man is determined to bring him down.
5. Movie: Terminal Island
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: It's every man and woman for himself on an island where convicted murderers are dumped, rather than kept in prison.
6. Movie: Papillon
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: A man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of them begin serving their sentence on a dreadful prison island, which inspires the man to plot his escape.
7. Movie: The Sting
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: In Chicago in September 1936, a young con man seeking revenge for his murdered partner teams up with a master of the big con to win a fortune from a criminal banker.
8. Movie: High Plains Drifter
Genre: Mystery, Western
Description: A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago and is hired to bring the townsfolk together in an attempt to hold off three outlaws who are on their way.
9. Movie: La montaña sagrada
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: In a corrupt, greed-fueled world, a powerful alchemist leads a Christ-like character and seven materialistic figures to the Holy Mountain, where they hope to achieve enlightenment.
10. Movie: Mean Streets
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Four honourable men business ends up in a chaos when Johnny boy adopted their profession and ruined their empire
11. Movie: Enter the Dragon
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive crime lord using his invitation to a tournament there as cover.
12. Movie: Serpico
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The true story about an honest New York cop who blew the whistle on rampant corruption in the force only to have his comrades turn against him.
13. Movie: Soylent Green
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: In the world ravaged by the greenhouse effect and overpopulation, an NYPD detective investigates the murder of a big company CEO.
14. Movie: Live and Let Die
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: 007 is sent to stop a diabolically brilliant heroin magnate armed with a complex organization and a reliable psychic tarot card reader.
15. Movie: Robin Hood
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The story of the legendary outlaw is portrayed with the characters as humanoid animals.
16. Movie: The Wicker Man
Genre: Crime, Horror, Musical
Description: A police sergeant is sent to a Scottish island village in search of a missing girl whom the townsfolk claim never existed. Stranger still are the rites that take place there.
17. Movie: Badlands
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: An impressionable teenage girl from a dead-end town and her older greaser boyfriend embark on a killing spree in the South Dakota badlands.
18. Movie: The Way We Were
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Two desperate people have a wonderful romance, but their political views and convictions drive them apart.
19. Movie: Don't Look Now
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller
Description: A married couple grieving the recent death of their young daughter are in Venice when they encounter two elderly sisters, one of whom is psychic and brings a warning from beyond.
20. Movie: Contes immoraux
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An erotic collection of short stories, an anthology comprised of tantalizing tales about sexual desire and its diverse manifestations.
21. Movie: Charlotte's Web
Genre: Animation, Family, Musical
Description: A gentle and wise grey spider with a flair for promotion pledges to save a young pig from slaughter for dinner food.
22. Movie: Magnum Force
Genre: Action, Crime, Mystery
Description: Dirty Harry is on the trail of vigilante cops who are not above going beyond the law to kill the city's undesirables.
23. Movie: The Day of the Jackal
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A professional assassin codenamed "Jackal" plots to kill Charles de Gaulle, the President of France.
24. Movie: Paper Moon
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership.
25. Movie: Walking Tall
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Based on the life of Tennessee sheriff Buford Pusser whom almost single-handily cleaned up his small town of crime and corruption, but at a personal cost of his family life and nearly his own life.
26. Movie: La planète sauvage
Genre: Animation, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: This futuristic story takes place on a faraway planet where blue giants rule, and oppressed humanoids rebel against the machine-like leaders.
27. Movie: The Friends of Eddie Coyle
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: After his last crime has him looking at a long prison sentence for repeat offenses, a low level Boston gangster decides to snitch on his friends to avoid jail time.
28. Movie: The Final Programme
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: After the death of his Nobel Prize-winning father, billionaire physicist Jerry Cornelius becomes embroiled in the search for the mysterious "Final Programme", developed by his father. The ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: Amarcord
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A series of comedic and nostalgic vignettes set in a 1930s Italian coastal town.
30. Movie: Jesus Christ Superstar
Genre: Drama, History, Musical
Description: Film version of the musical stage play, presenting the last few weeks of Christ's life, told in an anachronistic manner.
31. Movie: The Three Musketeers
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: A young swordsman comes to Paris and faces villains, romance, adventure and intrigue with three Musketeer friends.
32. Movie: The 14
Genre: Drama
Description: "The 14" or "Existance" has a mother of 14 children living in poor working class England falling sick and the children try to carry on as a family. Convincing acting from young actors raises this gritty tale above the horizon.
33. Movie: The Train Robbers
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Western
Description: A gunhand named Lane is hired by a widow, Mrs. Lowe, to find gold stolen by her husband so that she may return it and start fresh.
34. Movie: Il mio nome è Nessuno
Genre: Western, Comedy
Description: A young, easygoing gunman (Hill) worships and competes with an old gunfighter (Fonda) who only wants to retire.
35. Movie: The Last Detail
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Two Navy men are ordered to bring a young offender to prison but decide to show him one last good time along the way.
36. Movie: Anita
Genre: Drama
Description: Anita is a girl of only 16 years, and while she has developed early physically, to a mature woman, she is psychologically completly ruthless. Her relationship the her parents and her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The Long Goodbye
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Detective Philip Marlowe tries to help a friend who is accused of murdering his wife.
38. Movie: La grande bouffe
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A group of men hire some prostitutes and go to a villa in the countryside. There, they engage in group sex and resolve to eat themselves to death.
39. Movie: The Golden Voyage of Sinbad
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Sinbad and his crew intercept a homunculus carrying a golden tablet. Koura, the creator of the homunculus and practitioner of evil magic, wants the tablet back and pursues Sinbad. Meanwhile...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Sleeper
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: A nerdish store owner is revived out of cryostasis into a future world to fight an oppressive government.
41. Movie: Tom Sawyer
Genre: Adventure, Musical, Family
Description: Tom Sawyer and his pal Huckleberry Finn have great adventures on the Mississippi River, pretending to be pirates, attending their own funeral, and witnessing a murder.
42. Movie: The Paper Chase
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A first-year law student at Harvard Law School struggles with balancing his coursework and his relationship with the daughter of his sternest professor.
43. Movie: The Best Pair of Legs in the Business
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: With his life crumbling around him in a dingy holiday camp, middle-aged female impersonator, Sherry.Sheridan stays rooted in the past,but will his son Alan, and long-suffering wife Mary, stay with him?
44. Movie: Scarecrow
Genre: Drama
Description: Max, an ex-con drifter with a penchant for brawling is amused by Lion, a homeless ex-sailor, and they partner up as they head east together.
45. Movie: Battle for the Planet of the Apes
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: Ten years after conquering the Earth, ape leader Caesar wants the ruling apes and enslaved humans to live in peace. But warring factions of apes led by a militant gorilla general as well as various human groups threaten the stability.
46. Movie: Coffy
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: A black nurse takes vigilante justice against inner-city drug dealers after her sister becomes their latest victim.
47. Movie: The Legend of Hell House
Genre: Horror
Description: Physicist Lionel Barrett and his wife lead a team of mediums into the Belasco House, which is supposedly haunted by the victims of its late owner, a six-foot-five serial killer.
48. Movie: Pat Garrett &amp; Billy the Kid
Genre: Biography, Drama, Western
Description: An aging Pat Garrett is hired as a lawman on behalf of a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons--his sole purpose being to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid.
49. Movie: Turks fruit
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Sort of a cross between "Love Story" and an earthy Rembrandt painting, this movie stars Rutger Hauer as a gifted Dutch sculptor who has a stormy, erotic, and star-crossed romance with a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Shurayukihime
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A young girl is born and raised to be an instrument of revenge.
