Most Popular Feature Films Released 1941-01-01 to 1941-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Citizen Kane
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: Following the death of a publishing tycoon, news reporters scramble to discover the meaning of his final utterance.
2. Movie: The Maltese Falcon
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a gorgeous liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette.
3. Movie: The Shepherd of the Hills
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A mysterious stranger arrives in the Missouri hills and befriends a young backwoods girl. Much to the dislike of her moonshiner fianc who has vowed to find and kill his own father.
4. Movie: Dumbo
Genre: Animation, Drama, Family
Description: Ridiculed because of his enormous ears, a young circus elephant is assisted by a mouse to achieve his full potential.
5. Movie: Penny Serenade
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A couple's big dreams give way to a life full of unexpected sadness and unexpected joy.
6. Movie: Sullivan's Travels
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: A director of escapist films goes on the road as a hobo to learn about life, which gives him a rude awakening.
7. Movie: One Foot in Heaven
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: Episodic look at the life of a minister and his family as they move from one parish to another.
8. Movie: The Wolf Man
Genre: Horror
Description: A practical man returns to his homeland, is attacked by a creature of folklore, and infected with a horrific disease his disciplined mind tells him can not possibly exist.
9. Movie: How Green Was My Valley
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: At the turn of the century in a Welsh mining village, the Morgans, he stern, she gentle, raise coal-mining sons and hope their youngest will find a better life.
10. Movie: Suspicion
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: A shy young heiress marries a charming gentleman, and soon begins to suspect he is planning to murder her.
11. Movie: Sergeant York
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A hillbilly sharpshooter drafted in WW1 despite his claim to be a pacifist, who ends up becoming a war hero.
12. Movie: Honeymoon for Three
Genre: Comedy
Description: Noted writer Kenneth Bixby, in love with his witty secretary Anne Rogers, nevertheless agrees to a tete-a-tete with a former college fling, loopy Danish girl Julie who is married to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: The Saint in Palm Springs
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Inspector Fernack asks Simon to watch over an old friend who's carrying $200,000 worth of priceless stamps, but the friend is killed and the stamps stolen.
14. Movie: The Lady Eve
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A trio of classy card sharps targets the socially awkward heir to brewery millions for his money, until one of them falls in love with him.
15. Movie: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Dr. Jekyll allows his dark side to run wild when he drinks a potion that turns him into the evil Mr. Hyde.
16. Movie: High Sierra
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: After being released from prison, notorious thief Roy Earle is hired by his old boss to help a group of inexperienced criminals plan and carry out the robbery of a California resort.
17. Movie: Meet John Doe
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A man needing money agrees to impersonate a nonexistent person who said he'd be committing suicide as a protest, and a political movement begins.
18. Movie: Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A couple who have been married for three years are horrified to learn that their marriage is not legally valid.
19. Movie: Ball of Fire
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A group of ivory-tower lexicographers realize they need to hear how real people talk, and end up helping a beautiful singer avoid police and escape from the Mob.
20. Movie: The Little Foxes
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The ruthless, moneyed Hubbard clan lives in, and poisons, their part of the deep South at the turn of the twentieth century.
21. Movie: Shadow of the Thin Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Nick and Nora are at their wise-cracking best as they investigate murder and racketeering at a local race-track.
22. Movie: Bad Men of Missouri
Genre: Action, History, Romance
Description: The Younger brothers, Cole (Dennis Morgan), Bob (Wayne Morris) and Jim (Arthur Kennedy), return to Missouri after the Civil War with intent to avenge the misdeeds of William Merrick (Victor...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Road to Zanzibar
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: Stranded in Africa, Chuck and his pal Fearless have comic versions of jungle adventures, featuring two attractive con-women.
24. Movie: The Reluctant Dragon
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Description: Humorist Robert Benchley learns about the animation process at Walt Disney Studios while trying to find the great man himself to pitch him the idea of making a cartoon about a shy dragon.
25. Movie: They Died with Their Boots On
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: A highly fictionalized account of the life of George Armstrong Custer from his arrival at West Point in 1857 to his death at the battle of the Little Big Horn in 1876. He has little ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: Blood and Sand
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: Illiterate peasant Juan Gallardo rises meteorically to fame and fortune in the bullfight arena only to sow the seeds of his own fall.
27. Movie: Here Comes Mr. Jordan
Genre: Fantasy, Comedy, Romance
Description: Boxer Joe Pendleton dies 50 years too soon due to a heavenly mistake, and is given a new life as a millionaire playboy.
28. Movie: 49th Parallel
Genre: Drama, War, Thriller
Description: A World War II U-boat crew are stranded in northern Canada. To avoid internment, they must make their way to the border and get into the still-neutral USA.
29. Movie: Ziegfeld Girl
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: Discovery by Flo Ziegfeld changes a girl's life but not necessarily for the better, as three beautiful women find out when they join the spectacle on Broadway: Susan, the singer who must ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Adventures of Captain Marvel
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: To protect a magic talisman from being used for evil, a boy is given the power to become an adult superhero with a single magic word.
31. Movie: I Wake Up Screaming
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Why is Inspector Ed Cornell trying to railroad Frankie Christopher for the murder of model Vicky Lynn?
32. Movie: Tobacco Road
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Hillbilly family life in 1941 rural Georgia.
33. Movie: All That Money Can Buy
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A nineteenth-century New Hampshire farmer who makes a compact with Satan for economic success enlists Daniel Webster to extract him from his contract.
34. Movie: Genroku Chûshingura
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: In 1701, Lord Takuminokami Asano has a feud with Lord Kira and he tries to kill Kira in the corridors of the Shogun's palace. The Shogun sentences Lord Asano to commit suppuku and deprives ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Cottage to Let
Genre: Comedy, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Allied spies and Nazi agents insinuate themselves at a Scottish cottage (converted to a wartime hospital) with interests on an inventor's nearly perfected bomb sight.
36. Movie: Topper Returns
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Mystery
Description: A sassy girl finds herself dead after trading bedrooms with her heiress friend. Her ghost seeks aid from banker Cosmo Topper to find out why and by whom.
37. Movie: The Great Lie
Genre: Drama
Description: After a newlywed's husband apparently dies in a plane crash, she discovers that her rival for his affections is now pregnant with his child.
38. Movie: Dressed to Kill
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: Detective Michael Shayne and his girlfriend Joanne are on their way to be married when a scream from a nearby hotel room draws his attention to a pair of theatrical murders.
39. Movie: That Hamilton Woman
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: The story of courtesan and dance-hall girl Emma Hamilton, including her relationships with Sir William Hamilton and Admiral Horatio Nelson and her rise and fall, set during the Napoleonic Wars.
40. Movie: Sun Valley Serenade
Genre: Comedy, Music, Romance
Description: When Phil Corey's band arrives at the Idaho ski resort its pianist Ted Scott is smitten with a Norwegian refugee he has sponsored, Karen Benson. When soloist Vivian Dawn quits, Karen stages an ice show as a substitute.
41. Movie: A Woman's Face
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A female blackmailer with a disfiguring facial scar meets a plastic surgeon who offers her the possibility of looking like a normal woman.
42. Movie: The Saint's Vacation
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: While on vacation, the Saint discovers a much-sought-after music box.
43. Movie: The Devil and Miss Jones
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A tycoon goes undercover to ferret out agitators at a department store, but gets involved in their lives instead.
44. Movie: Two-Faced Woman
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: While at a ski lodge, Larry Blake sees instructor Karin Borg and decides to sign up for private lessons. The next thing he knows, she is Mrs. Blake. When he announces that he is going back ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Man Hunt
Genre: Drama, Thriller, War
Description: British hunter Thorndike vacationing in Bavaria has Hitler in his gun sight. He is captured, beaten, left for dead, and escapes back to London where he is hounded by German agents and aided by a young woman.
46. Movie: Buck Privates
Genre: Comedy, Musical, War
Description: Bud and Lou enlist in the army in order to escape being hauled off to jail, and soon find themselves in basic training. To their dismay, the company's drill instructor is none other than ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: You'll Never Get Rich
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: After his wife discovers a telltale diamond bracelet, impresario Martin Cortland tries to show he's not chasing after showgirl Sheila Winthrop. Choreographer Robert Curtis gets caught in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Meet Boston Blackie
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: When a murder occurs on an ocean liner docked in New York, the trail leads to Coney Island and a spy ring.
49. Movie: Pot o' Gold
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Jimmy, the owner of a failed music shop, goes to work with his uncle, the owner of a food factory. Before he gets there, he befriends an Irish family who happens to be his uncle's worst ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: 'Pimpernel' Smith
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: Professor Horatio Smith, while seeming very unassuming, rescues victims of Nazi persecution during World War II.
