Most Popular Feature Films Released 1960-01-01 to 1960-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Magnificent Seven
Genre: Action, Adventure, Western
Description: An oppressed Mexican peasant village hires seven gunfighters to help defend their homes.
2. Movie: Psycho
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
3. Movie: Private Property
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Duke and Boots, two young thugs, hold up a California gas-station owner. Duke, viral and savage, taunts the slower and psychologically-confused Boots because he has never made a sexual ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
4. Movie: Spartacus
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: The slave Spartacus leads a violent revolt against the decadent Roman Republic.
5. Movie: The Apartment
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
6. Movie: The Unforgiven
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: The neighbors of a frontier family turn on them when it is suspected that their adopted daughter was stolen from the local Kiowa tribe.
7. Movie: La dolce vita
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A series of stories following a week in the life of a philandering paparazzo journalist living in Rome.
8. Movie: Ocean's Eleven
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Music
Description: Danny Ocean gathers a group of his World War II compatriots to pull off the ultimate Las Vegas heist. Together the eleven friends plan to rob five Las Vegas casinos in one night.
9. Movie: À bout de souffle
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A small-time thief steals a car and impulsively murders a motorcycle policeman. Wanted by the authorities, he reunites with a hip American journalism student and attempts to persuade her to run away with him to Italy.
10. Movie: The Time Machine
Genre: Adventure, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: A man's vision for a utopian society is disillusioned when travelling forward into time reveals a dark and dangerous society.
11. Movie: Sword of Sherwood Forest
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: While King Richard is away at the Crusades, some Nottingham nobles and their Sheriff plot to confiscate estates of fallen Crusaders but Robin Hood and Maid Marian foil their plan.
12. Movie: Two Way Stretch
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Dodger Lane (Peter Sellers) has planned the perfect robbery while in prison. He intends to break out of prison, steal a fortune in diamonds, and break back into prison before anyone notices...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: The Alamo
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: A small band of soldiers sacrifice their lives in hopeless combat against a massive army in order to prevent a tyrant from smashing the new Republic of Texas.
14. Movie: Swiss Family Robinson
Genre: Adventure, Family
Description: A Swiss family must survive being shipwrecked on a deserted island.
15. Movie: Exodus
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: The state of Israel is created in 1948, resulting in war with its Arab neighbors.
16. Movie: Pollyanna
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A young girl comes to an embittered town and confronts its attitude with her determination to see the best in life.
17. Movie: Inherit the Wind
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great lawyers argue the case for and against a science teacher accused of the crime of teaching evolution.
18. Movie: The Little Shop of Horrors
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A clumsy young man nurtures a plant and discovers that it's carnivorous, forcing him to kill to feed it.
19. Movie: L'Avventura
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: A woman disappears during a Mediterranean boating trip. During the search, her lover and her best friend become attracted to each other.
20. Movie: Les yeux sans visage
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A surgeon causes an accident which leaves his daughter disfigured, and goes to extremes to give her a new face.
21. Movie: Let's Make Love
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: When billionaire Jean-Marc Clement learns that he is to be satirized in an off-Broadway revue, he passes himself off as an actor playing him in order to get closer to the beautiful star of the show, Amanda Dell.
22. Movie: Peeping Tom
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller
Description: A young man murders women, using a movie camera to film their dying expressions of terror.
23. Movie: High Time
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Widower and hamburger restaurateur Harvey Howard decides to go to college at 51 years of age. Resisting the easy path, he insists on not receiving preferential treatment, and lives in a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: La maschera del demonio
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: A vengeful witch and her fiendish servant return from the grave and begin a bloody campaign to possess the body of the witch's beautiful look-alike descendant. Only the girl's brother and a handsome doctor stand in her way.
25. Movie: G.I. Blues
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Tulsa is a specialist in the US Army stationed in Germany. He loves to sing and has dreams to run his own nightclub when he leaves the army....but dreams don't come cheap. Tulsa places a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: La ciociara
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In the Italy of WWII, a widow and her lonely daughter seek for distance between them and the horrors of war.
27. Movie: Rocco e i suoi fratelli
Genre: Crime, Drama, Sport
Description: Having recently been uprooted to Milan, Rocco and his four brothers each look for a new way in life when a prostitute comes between Rocco and his brother Simone.
28. Movie: Saiyûki
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: A monkey king who learns the secrets of magic goes on a spree and causes no end of aggravation for the gods, who finally imprison him. In order to make up for all the trouble he's caused, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: North to Alaska
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Western
Description: During the Alaska gold rush, prospector George sends partner Sam to Seattle to bring his fiance but when it turns out that she married another man, Sam returns with a pretty substitute, the hostess of the Henhouse dance hall.
30. Movie: Plein soleil
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Tom Ripley is a talented mimic, moocher, forger and all-around criminal improviser; but there's more to Tom Ripley than even he can guess.
31. Movie: House of Usher
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: Upon entering his fiance's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely.
32. Movie: From the Terrace
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An ambitious young executive chooses a loveless marriage and an unfulfilling personal life in exchange for a successful Wall Street career.
33. Movie: Midnight Lace
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: In London, a newly-wed American woman's sanity comes into question when she claims to be the victim of a stalker.
34. Movie: BUtterfield 8
Genre: Drama
Description: A Manhattan call girl has a tragic affair with a rich married man.
35. Movie: Jungfrukällan
Genre: Drama
Description: A kind but pampered beautiful young virgin and her family's pregnant and jealous servant set out to deliver candles to church, but only one returns from events that transpire in the woods along the way.
36. Movie: 13 Ghosts
Genre: Horror
Description: A family inherits what proves to be a haunted house, but a special pair of goggles allows them to see their ghostly tormentors.
37. Movie: The Fugitive Kind
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Val Xavier, a drifter of obscure origins arrives at a small town and gets a job in a store run by Lady Torrence, a sex-starved woman whose husband Jabe M. Torrance is dying of cancer ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Elmer Gantry
Genre: Drama
Description: A fast-talking traveling salesman with a charming, loquacious manner convinces a sincere evangelist that he can be an effective preacher for her cause.
39. Movie: The Lost World
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: Professor Challenger leads an expedition of scientists and adventurers to a remote plateau deep in the Amazonian jungle to verify his claim that dinosaurs still live there.
40. Movie: Tirez sur le pianiste
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Charlie Kohler is a piano player in a bar. The waitress Lena is in love with him. One of Charlie's brother, Chico, a crook, takes refuge in the bar because he is chased by two gangsters, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Village of the Damned
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: In the English village of Midwich, the blonde-haired, glowing-eyed children of uncertain paternity prove to have frightening powers.
42. Movie: The Story of Ruth
Genre: Drama, History
Description: Inspired by the scriptural tale. Moabitess priestess Ruth is drawn both to a Judean man and to his talk of a forgiving God. After tragedy strikes, she begins a new life in Bethlehem.
43. Movie: Wake Me When It's Over
Genre: Comedy
Description: Gus Brubaker has been drafted... again. Due to a clerical error, Gus finds himself deployed to a little Japanese island where everyone is bored to death. So Gus decided to build a hotel and hire locals to run the place.
44. Movie: Le trou
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: In prison four long-sentence inmates planning an elaborate escape cautiously induct a new inmate to join in their scheme which leads to distrust and uncertainty.
45. Movie: Flaming Star
Genre: Western
Description: West Texas in the years after the Civil War is an uneasy meeting ground of two cultures, one white. The other native American. Elvis portrays Pacer Burton. The son of a white rancher (John ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Warui yatsu hodo yoku nemuru
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A vengeful young man marries the daughter of a corrupt industrialist in order to seek justice for his father's suicide.
47. Movie: Please Don't Eat the Daisies
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: A university professor leaves his job to become a theater critic, creating problems with his family and friends.
48. Movie: Cimarron
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: The Oklahoma Land Run of April 1889 sets the stage for an epic saga of a frontier family and its friends.
49. Movie: Where the Boys Are
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Four very different college girls drive to Fort Lauderdale, Florida for spring break and seek out various adventures and romance for themselves.
50. Movie: The City of the Dead
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A young coed (Nan Barlow) uses her winter vacation to research a paper on witchcraft in New England. Her professor recommends that she spend her time in a small village called Whitewood. He...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
