Most Popular Feature Films Released 1930-01-01 to 1930-12-31 : 
1. Movie: All Quiet on the Western Front
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A young soldier faces profound disillusionment in the soul-destroying horror of World War I.
2. Movie: Hell's Angels
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Brothers Monte and Ray leave Oxford to join the Royal Flying Corps. Ray loves Helen; Helen enjoys an affair with Monte; before they leave on their mission over Germany they find her in still another man's arms.
3. Movie: Der blaue Engel
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: An elderly professor's ordered life spins dangerously out of control when he falls for a nightclub singer.
4. Movie: Let Us Be Gay
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Dowdy housewife Kitty dotes on her self-centered husband but divorces him when his mistress shows up at their home one day to break up their marriage. Bob had become bored with her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
5. Movie: The Big Trail
Genre: Adventure, Western, Romance
Description: Breck Coleman leads hundreds of settlers in covered wagons from the Mississippi River to their destiny out West.
6. Movie: Animal Crackers
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Mayhem and zaniness ensue when a valuable painting goes missing during a party in honor of famed African explorer Captain Spaulding.
7. Movie: L'âge d'or
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Horror
Description: A surrealist tale of a man and a woman passionately in love with one another, but their attempts to consummate that passion are constantly thwarted by their families, the Church, and bourgeois society.
8. Movie: Morocco
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A cabaret singer and a Legionnaire fall in love, but their relationship is complicated by the results of his womanizing and due to the appearance of a rich man who wants her for himself.
9. Movie: Murder!
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A juror in a murder trial, after voting to convict, has second thoughts and begins to investigate on his own before the execution.
10. Movie: The Divorcee
Genre: Romance, Drama
Description: When a woman discovers that her husband has been unfaithful to her, she decides to respond to his infidelities in kind.
11. Movie: The Dawn Patrol
Genre: War, Drama, Action
Description: World War I ace Dick Courtney derides the leadership of his superior officer, but Courtney is soon promoted to squadron commander and learns harsh lessons about sending subordinates to their deaths.
12. Movie: Madam Satan
Genre: Musical, Romance, Comedy
Description: Angela and Bob Brooks are an upper class couple. Unfortunately, Bob is an unfaithful husband. But Angela has a plan to win back her husband's affections. An elaborate masquerade ball is to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: The Big House
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A convict falls in love with his new cellmate's sister, only to become embroiled in a planned break-out which is certain to have lethal consequences.
14. Movie: Menschen am Sonntag
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Edwin, a taxi driver, lives with Annie, a neurasthenic model. They plan to spend Sunday at the Nikolassee beach with Wolfgang, an officer, gentleman, antiquarian, gigolo, at the moment a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
15. Movie: Anna Christie
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young woman reunites with her estranged father and falls in love with a sailor, but struggles to tell them about her dark past.
16. Movie: King of Jazz
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Music
Description: This revue presents its numbers around the orchestra leader Paul Whiteman, besides that it shows in it's final number that the European popular music are the roots of American popular music...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
17. Movie: Little Rascals: Best of Our Gang
Description: Spanky, Buckwheat, Porky and all The Little Rascals at their hilarious best!
18. Movie: Abraham Lincoln
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: An episodic biography of the 16th President of the United States.
19. Movie: Zemlya
Genre: Drama
Description: In the peaceful countryside, Vassily opposes the rich kulaks over the coming of collective farming.
20. Movie: Up the River
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: When paroled trustee Steve and former inmate Judy who try to put their criminal lives behind them are blackmailed, two career criminals come to their rescue.
21. Movie: Just Imagine
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical
Description: New York, 1980: airplanes have replaced cars, numbers have replaced names, pills have replaced food, government-arranged marriages have replaced love, and test tube babies have replaced ......See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: City Girl
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A Chicago waitress falls in love with a Minnesota farmer, and decides to face a life in the country.
23. Movie: Ladies of Leisure
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An upper-crust artist hires a 'party girl' as a model; romance follows.
24. Movie: Romance
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Young Harry is in love and wants to marry an actress, much to the displeasure of his family. Harry thinks that Bishop Armstrong knows nothing about love so Armstrong tells him the story of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Paramount on Parade
Genre: Musical
Description: A musical revue that basically has Paramount stars and contract-players doing things some had never done on screen, and wouldn't again; such as Ruth Chatteron , in a French-caf setting ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: Whoopee!
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Western sheriff Bob Wells is preparing to marry Sally Morgan; she loves part-Indian Wanenis, whose race is an obstacle. Sally flees the wedding with hypochondriac Henry Williams, who thinks...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
27. Movie: The Bat Whispers
Genre: Crime, Thriller, Horror
Description: A master criminal terrorizes the occupants of an isolated country mansion.
28. Movie: Holiday
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Holiday is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film which tells the story of a young man who is torn between his free-thinking lifestyle and the tradition of his wealthy fiance's family.
29. Movie: Reaching for the Moon
Genre: Comedy, Music, Romance
Description: Wall Street wizard, Larry Day, new to the ways of love, is coached by his valet. He follows Vivian Benton on an ocean liner, where cocktails, laced with a "love potion," work their magic. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: School for Scandal
Genre: Comedy
Description: The School for Scandal has many central characters that all play key roles in the complicated plots and subplots. Lady Teazle and her husband Sir Peter Teazle, who is in charge of a ward ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: Soup to Nuts
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Mr. Schmidt's costume store is bankrupt because he spends his time on Rube Goldberg-style inventions; the creditors send a young manager who falls for Schmidt's niece Louise, but she'll ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: The Widow from Chicago
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Vice lord Dominic has brought Swifty Dorgan east to do a job for him. When Swifty appears to have died falling from a train, detective Henderson impersonates him hoping to get into the mob....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: Free and Easy
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A bumbling manager tries to get a small town beauty contest winner into the movies.
34. Movie: Feet First
Genre: Comedy
Description: Ambitious shoe salesman, Harold, unknowingly meets the boss' daughter and tells her he is a leather tycoon. The rest of the film he spends hiding his true circumstances, in the store and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Sous les toits de Paris
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Albert is smitten for Pola but ends up wrongly committed in jail, in the meantime her affections are sort after by his friend, and on his release both love and friendship must be tested.
36. Movie: The Blue Angel
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: The Blue Angel is a sleazy bar and the local boys go there to see Lola who is the dancer. The teacher goes there to confront his students only to fall for the dancer.
37. Movie: Monte Carlo
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Minutes before her wedding to Duke Otto Von Seibenheim, Countess Helene Mara flees, on a whim, to Monte Carlo, where she hopes her luck will save her poor financial state. There, Count ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Moby Dick
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: In this extremely loose adaptation of Melville's classic novel, Ahab is revealed initially not as a bitter and vengeful madman, but as a bit of a lovable scamp. Ashore in New Bedford, he ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Old English
Genre: Drama
Description: An old man unethically provides an income for his two grandchildren.
40. Movie: Her Wedding Night
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: An American movie star vacationing in France gets mixed up with a songwriter, mistaken identity, and winds up married to someone she doesn't know.
41. Movie: The Benson Murder Case
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A ruthless, crooked stockbroker is murdered at his luxurious country estate, and detective Philo Vance just happens to be there; he decides to find out who killed him.
42. Movie: The Unholy Three
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: "Talkie" remake of Tod Browning's 1925 silent film. A trio of former sideshow performers double as the "Unholy Three" in a scam to nab some shiny rocks.
43. Movie: Behind the Make-Up
Genre: Drama
Description: Gardoni, a down-on-his-luck vaudeville performer, is taken in by a fellow performer, a clown who has a bicycle riding act. Gardoni shows his appreciation by stealing the clown's act and his girlfriend, whom he marries.
44. Movie: Dixiana
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: In antebellum New Orleans, two men vie for the affections of a beautiful young girl during Mardi Gras.
45. Movie: Doughboys
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: A naive and wealthy young man seeks to impress a girl and then unwittingly signs up for army service.
46. Movie: Her Man
Genre: Drama
Description: Paris bargirl with tough "protector" falls for young sailor.
47. Movie: Puttin' on the Ritz
Genre: Musical
Description: A vaudeville and nightclub performer becomes successful and forgets who his friends really are.
48. Movie: Check and Double Check
Genre: Comedy
Description: Typical Amos 'n Andy storyline has the boys trying to make a go of their "open-air" taxi business while they get caught up in a society hassle, involving driving musicians to a fancy party....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Prividenie, kotoroe ne vozvrashchaetsya
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
50. Movie: Journey's End
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In France, 1917, an alcoholic captain is afraid that his new replacement, his sweetheart's brother, will betray his downfall.
