Most Popular Feature Films Released 2008-01-01 to 2008-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Dark Knight
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, the caped crusader must come to terms with one of the greatest psychological tests of his ability to fight injustice.
2. Movie: Twilight
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A teenage girl risks everything when she falls in love with a vampire.
3. Movie: Bronson
Genre: Action, Biography, Crime
Description: A young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter-ego, Charles Bronson.
4. Movie: Iron Man
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil.
5. Movie: Forgetting Sarah Marshall
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Devastated Peter takes a Hawaiian vacation in order to deal with the recent break-up with his TV star girlfriend, Sarah. Little does he know, Sarah's traveling to the same resort as her ex - and she's bringing along her new boyfriend.
6. Movie: The Happening
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A science teacher, his wife, and a young girl struggle to survive a plague that causes those infected to commit suicide.
7. Movie: Wanted
Genre: Action, Crime, Fantasy
Description: A frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin, and that he shares his father's superhuman killing abilities.
8. Movie: Slumdog Millionaire
Genre: Drama
Description: A Mumbai teen reflects on his upbringing in the slums when he is accused of cheating on the Indian Version of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?"
9. Movie: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Famed archaeologist/adventurer Dr. Henry "Indiana" Jones is called back into action when he becomes entangled in a Soviet plot to uncover the secret behind mysterious artifacts known as the Crystal Skulls.
10. Movie: The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: Tells the story of Benjamin Button, a man who starts aging backwards with bizarre consequences.
11. Movie: Fool's Gold
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A new clue to the whereabouts of a lost treasure rekindles a married couple's sense of adventure -- and their estranged romance.
12. Movie: Quantum of Solace
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organization from eliminating a country's most valuable resource. All the while, he still tries to seek revenge over the death of his love.
13. Movie: Tropic Thunder
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: Through a series of freak occurrences, a group of actors shooting a big-budget war movie are forced to become the soldiers they are portraying.
14. Movie: Cloverfield
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A group of friends venture deep into the streets of New York on a rescue mission during a rampaging monster attack.
15. Movie: Taken
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who has been kidnapped while on a trip to Paris.
16. Movie: The Hurt Locker
Genre: Drama, History, Thriller
Description: During the Iraq War, a Sergeant recently assigned to an army bomb squad is put at odds with his squad mates due to his maverick way of handling his work.
17. Movie: Hellboy II: The Golden Army
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures.
18. Movie: RocknRolla
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: In London, a real-estate scam puts millions of pounds up for grabs, attracting some of the city's scrappiest tough guys and its more established underworld types, all of whom are looking to get rich quick. While the city's seasoned criminals vie for the cash, an unexpected player -- a drugged-out rock 'n' roller presumed to be dead but very much alive -- has a multi-million-dollar prize fall into...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
19. Movie: Mamma Mia!
Genre: Comedy, Family, Musical
Description: The story of a bride-to-be trying to find her real father told using hit songs by the popular '70s group ABBA.
20. Movie: The House Bunny
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: After Playboy bunny Shelley is kicked out of the playboy mansion, she finds a job as the house mother for a sorority full of socially awkward girls.
21. Movie: Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The story centers on a 14-year-old girl who keeps a diary about the ups and downs of being a teenager, including the things she learns about kissing.
22. Movie: The Day the Earth Stood Still
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A remake of the 1951 classic sci-fi film about an alien visitor and his giant robot counterpart who visit Earth.
23. Movie: Gran Torino
Genre: Drama
Description: Disgruntled Korean War veteran Walt Kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor, a Hmong teenager who tried to steal Kowalski's prized possession: a 1972 Gran Torino.
24. Movie: The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Set during WWII, a story seen through the innocent eyes of Bruno, the eight-year-old son of the commandant at a German concentration camp, whose forbidden friendship with a Jewish boy on the other side of the camp fence has startling and unexpected consequences.
25. Movie: Hancock
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Hancock is a superhero whose ill considered behavior regularly causes damage in the millions. He changes when one person he saves helps him improve his public image.
26. Movie: Hunger
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: Irish republican Bobby Sands leads the inmates of a Northern Irish prison in a hunger strike.
27. Movie: The Incredible Hulk
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Bruce Banner, a scientist on the run from the U.S. Government, must find a cure for the monster he emerges whenever he loses his temper. However, Banner then must fight a soldier who unleashes himself as a threat stronger than he.
28. Movie: Yip Man
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: During the Japanese invasion of 1937, when a wealthy martial artist is forced to leave his home and work to support his family, he reluctantly agrees to train others in the art of Wing Chun for self-defense.
29. Movie: WALL·E
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.
30. Movie: The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Carmen Lowell is working on the backstage of a play at Yale. When the lead actress, her friend Julia, invites her to Vermont with her to work on a play with a professional cast, she decides...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: Zack and Miri Make a Porno
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought.
32. Movie: In Bruges
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Guilt-stricken after a job gone wrong, hitman Ray and his partner await orders from their ruthless boss in Bruges, Belgium, the last place in the world Ray wants to be.
33. Movie: Vicky Cristina Barcelona
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Two girlfriends on a summer holiday in Spain become enamored with the same painter, unaware that his ex-wife, with whom he has a tempestuous relationship, is about to re-enter the picture.
34. Movie: Death Race
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Ex-con Jensen Ames is forced by the warden of a notorious prison to compete in our post-industrial world's most popular sport: a car race in which inmates must brutalize and kill one another on the road to victory.
35. Movie: Step Brothers
Genre: Comedy
Description: Two aimless middle-aged losers still living at home are forced against their will to become roommates when their parents marry.
36. Movie: Definitely, Maybe
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A political consultant tries to explain his impending divorce and past relationships to his 11-year-old daughter.
37. Movie: Bolt
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: The canine star of a fictional sci-fi/action show that believes his powers are real embarks on a cross country trek to save his co-star from a threat he believes is just as real.
38. Movie: The Reader
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Post-WWII Germany: Nearly a decade after his affair with an older woman came to a mysterious end, law student Michael Berg re-encounters his former lover as she defends herself in a war-crime trial.
39. Movie: Valkyrie
Genre: Drama, History, Thriller
Description: A dramatization of the 20 July assassination and political coup plot by desperate renegade German Army officers against Hitler during World War II.
40. Movie: The Wrestler
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: A faded professional wrestler must retire, but finds his quest for a new life outside the ring a dispiriting struggle.
41. Movie: Pineapple Express
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: A process server and his marijuana dealer wind up on the run from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after he witnesses his dealer's boss murder a competitor while trying to serve papers on him.
42. Movie: Jumper
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators.
43. Movie: Sex and the City
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.
44. Movie: Changeling
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: A grief-stricken mother takes on the LAPD to her own detriment when it stubbornly tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child, while also refusing to give up hope that she will find him one day.
45. Movie: Seven Pounds
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A man with a fateful secret embarks on an extraordinary journey of redemption by forever changing the lives of seven strangers.
46. Movie: The Strangers
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants.
47. Movie: Doubt
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: A Catholic school principal questions a priest's ambiguous relationship with a troubled young student.
48. Movie: Defiance
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: Jewish brothers in Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe escape into the Belarussian forests, where they join Russian resistance fighters and endeavor to build a village in order to protect themselves and about 1,000 Jewish non-combatants.
49. Movie: Kung Fu Panda
Genre: Animation, Action, Adventure
Description: The Dragon Warrior has to clash against the savage Tai Lung as China's fate hangs in the balance: However, the Dragon Warrior mantle is supposedly mistaken to be bestowed upon an obese panda who is a tyro in martial arts.
50. Movie: Never Back Down
Genre: Action, Drama, Sport
Description: A frustrated and conflicted teenager arrives at a new highschool to discover an underground fightclub and meet a classmate who begins to coerce him into fighting.
