Most Popular Feature Films Released 1970-01-01 to 1970-12-31 : 
1. Movie: MASH
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: The staff of a Korean War field hospital use humor and hijinks to keep their sanity in the face of the horror of war.
2. Movie: The AristoCats
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: With the help of a smooth talking tomcat, a family of Parisian felines set to inherit a fortune from their owner try to make it back home after a jealous butler kidnaps them and leaves them in the country.
3. Movie: Patton
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: The World War II phase of the career of the controversial American general,George S. Patton.
4. Movie: Kelly's Heroes
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, War
Description: A group of U.S. soldiers sneaks across enemy lines to get their hands on a secret stash of Nazi treasure.
5. Movie: Love Story
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A boy and a girl from different backgrounds fall in love regardless of their upbringing - and then tragedy strikes.
6. Movie: Catch-22
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: A man is trying desperately to be certified insane during World War II, so he can stop flying missions.
7. Movie: Little Big Man
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: Jack Crabb, looking back from extreme old age, tells of his life being raised by Indians and fighting with General Custer.
8. Movie: Tora! Tora! Tora!
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: A dramatization of the Japanese attack on the U.S. naval base at Pearl Harbor and the series of American blunders that allowed it to happen.
9. Movie: El topo
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: A mysterious black-clad gunfighter wanders a mystical Western landscape encountering multiple bizarre characters.
10. Movie: Five Easy Pieces
Genre: Drama
Description: A dropout from upper-class America picks up work along the way on oil rigs when his life isn't spent in a squalid succession of bars, motels, and other points of interest.
11. Movie: Hercules in New York
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: Hercules (Schwarzenegger) is sent to Earth where he finds true love and starts a promising career in the bodybuilder business.
12. Movie: Lo chiamavano Trinità...
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: A lazy, unorthodox gunfighter and his portly, horse-thieving brother defend a Mormon settlement from a land-grabbing Major and his henchmen.
13. Movie: Airport
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A bomber on board an airplane, an airport almost closed by snow, and various personal problems of the people involved.
14. Movie: Rio Lobo
Genre: Adventure, Western, Romance
Description: After the Civil War, Cord McNally searches for the traitor whose perfidy caused the defeat of McNally's unit and the loss of a close friend.
15. Movie: Beyond the Valley of the Dolls
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Three girls come to Hollywood to make it big, but find only sex, drugs and sleaze.
16. Movie: Beneath the Planet of the Apes
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: The sole survivor of an interplanetary rescue mission searches for the only survivor of the previous expedition. He discovers a planet ruled by apes and an underground city run by telepathic humans.
17. Movie: Colossus: The Forbin Project
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Thinking this will prevent war, the US government gives an impenetrable supercomputer total control over launching nuclear missiles. But what the computer does with the power is unimaginable to its creators.
18. Movie: Chisum
Genre: Biography, Western
Description: Cattle baron John Chisum joins forces with Billy the Kid and Pat Garrett to fight the Lincoln County land war.
19. Movie: Il conformista
Genre: Drama
Description: A weak-willed Italian man becomes a fascist flunky who goes abroad to arrange the assassination of his old teacher, now a political dissident.
20. Movie: Ryan's Daughter
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Set in the wake of the 1916 Easter Rising, a married woman in a small Irish village has an affair with a troubled British officer.
21. Movie: Two Mules for Sister Sara
Genre: Adventure, Romance, War
Description: Nun Sara is on the run in Mexico and is saved from cowboys by Hogan, who is preparing for a future mission to capture a French fort. The pair become good friends, but Sara never does tell him the true reason behind her being outlawed.
22. Movie: Myra Breckinridge
Genre: Comedy
Description: Myron Breckinridge is waiting for her sex-change operation while a stoned surgeon stumbles into the operating room. Before the drugged doctor begins Myron's operation, he counsels him. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Zabriskie Point
Genre: Drama
Description: An epic portrait of late Sixties America, as seen through the portrayal of two of its children: anthropology student Daria (who's helping a property developer build a village in the Los ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: Performance
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Chas, a violent and psychotic East London gangster needs a place to lie low after a hit that should never have been carried out. He finds the perfect cover in the form of guest house run by...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: They Call Me Mister Tibbs!
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In San Francisco, a high-priced call girl is murdered and the case is assigned to Police Lieutenant Virgil Tibbs.
26. Movie: The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: When a bored Holmes eagerly takes the case of Gabrielle Valladon after an attempt on her life, the search for her missing husband leads to Loch Ness and the legendary monster.
27. Movie: Hexen bis aufs Blut gequält
Genre: Drama, History, Horror
Description: Udo Kier is a witch hunter apprentice to Herbert Lom. He believes strongly in his mentor and the ways of the church but loses faith when he catches Lom committing a crime. Kier slowly ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: The Great White Hope
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sport
Description: A black champion boxer and his white female companion struggle to survive while the white boxing establishment looks for ways to knock him down.
29. Movie: The Twelve Chairs
Genre: Comedy
Description: In 1920s Soviet Russia, a fallen aristocrat, a priest and a con artist search for a treasure of jewels hidden inside one of twelve dining chairs, lost during the revolution.
30. Movie: Le cercle rouge
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: After leaving prison, master thief Corey crosses paths with a notorious escapee and an alcoholic former policeman. The trio proceed to plot an elaborate heist.
31. Movie: The Vampire Lovers
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: Seductive vampire Carmilla Karnstein and her family target the beautiful and the rich in a remote area of late eighteenth-century Gemany.
32. Movie: Bloody Mama
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A psychological gangster film based on fact. Machine gun totin' Ma Barker lead her family gang (her sons) on a crime spree in the Depression era. Her loyal brood have every perversion ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: The Railway Children
Genre: Family, Drama
Description: After the enforced absence of their father, three children move with their mother to Yorkshire, where during their adventures they attempt to discover the reason for his disappearance.
34. Movie: Cromwell
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Oliver Cromwell can no longer tolerate King Charles' policies and the self-interest of the ruling class and leads a civil war to install Parliament as the ultimate ruler of England.
35. Movie: A Man Called Horse
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Western
Description: In 1825, an English aristocrat is captured by Native Americans. He lives with them and begins to understand their way of life. Eventually, he is accepted as part of the tribe and becomes their leader.
36. Movie: Sometimes a Great Notion
Genre: Drama, Action, Adventure
Description: A family of fiercely independent Oregon loggers struggle to keep the family business alive amidst changing times.
37. Movie: Waterloo
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: Facing the decline of everything he has worked to obtain, conqueror Napoleon Bonaparte and his army confront the British at the Battle of Waterloo.
38. Movie: I Drink Your Blood
Genre: Horror
Description: A group of hippies wreak havoc on a small town and a young boy, whose grandfather and sister were attacked by them, decides to get even, with deadly results.
39. Movie: L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A witness of an attack, a writer becomes stalked by a serial killer.
40. Movie: The Owl and the Pussycat
Genre: Comedy
Description: Can a bickering odd couple in Manhattan become friends and maybe more? Owlish Felix is an unpublished writer who vents his frustration by reporting to the super that the woman in a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Scrooge
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Description: A musical retelling ofCharles Dickens' classic novel about an old bitter miser taken on a journey of self-redemption, courtesy of several mysterious Christmas apparitions.
42. Movie: Valerie a týden divu
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Inspired by fairy-tales such as Alice in Wonderland and Little Red-Riding Hood, "Valerie and her Week of Wonders" is a surreal tale in which love, fear, sex and religion merge into one fantastic world.
43. Movie: The Man Who Haunted Himself
Genre: Thriller
Description: Harold Pelham encounters a duplicate of himself in the aftermath of a car crash. After that moment his life is upset.
44. Movie: Deep End
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: 15-year-old Mike takes a job at the local swimming baths, where he becomes obsessed with an attractive young woman, Susan, who works there as an attendant. Although Susan has a fianc, Mike...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: La residencia
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: An abusive headmistress runs a secluded school for wayward girls in 19th century France, whose students are "disappearing" under mysterious circumstances after dark.
46. Movie: Soldier Blue
Genre: Western
Description: After a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheyenne, only two survivors remain: Honus, a naive private devoted to his duty, and Cresta, a young woman who had lived with the Cheyenne two ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Joe
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Bill, a wealthy businessman, confronts his junkie daughter's drug-dealing boyfriend; in the ensuing argument, Bill kills him. Panic-stricken, he wanders the streets and eventually stops at ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: De Sade 70
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: An innocent girl goes to spend the weekend on an island with a woman and her brother, but soon she finds herself entangled in a web of dream-like sexual experiments.
49. Movie: Goin' Down the Road
Genre: Drama
Description: Two friends leave the picturesque yet rural province of Nova Scotia for the nightlife and culture of Toronto. They soon end up wistful and nostalgic about Nova Scotia though after finding out that Toronto isn't as fun as they'd hoped.
50. Movie: El jardín de las delicias
Genre: Drama
Description: The greedy relatives of an amnesic and paralytic 45 years old millionaire try him to recover his memory by any means.
