Most Popular Feature Films Released 1995-01-01 to 1995-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Se7en
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his modus operandi.
2. Movie: The Usual Suspects
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which begin when five criminals meet at a seemingly random police lineup.
3. Movie: Braveheart
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: When his secret bride is executed for assaulting an English soldier who tried to rape her, William Wallace begins a revolt against King Edward I of England.
4. Movie: Casino
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Greed, deception, money, power, and murder occur between two best friends, a mafia underboss and a casino owner, for a trophy wife over a gambling empire.
5. Movie: Heat
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
6. Movie: Jumanji
Genre: Action, Adventure, Family
Description: When two kids find and play a magical board game, they release a man trapped for decades in it and a host of dangers that can only be stopped by finishing the game.
7. Movie: Friday
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Two homies, Smokey and Craig, smoke a dope dealer's weed and try to figure a way to get the $200 they owe to the dealer by 10 p.m. that same night. In that time, they smoke more weed and get jacked and shot at in a drive-by.
8. Movie: Clueless
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A rich high school student tries to boost a new pupil's popularity, but reckons without affairs of the heart getting in the way.
9. Movie: GoldenEye
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond teams up with the lone survivor of a destroyed Russian research center to stop the hijacking of a nuclear space weapon by a fellow agent formerly believed to be dead.
10. Movie: Toy Story
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
11. Movie: Batman Forever
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Batman must battle Two-Face and The Riddler with help from an amorous psychologist and a young circus acrobat who becomes his sidekick, Robin.
12. Movie: Twelve Monkeys
Genre: Mystery, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: In a future world devastated by disease, a convict is sent back in time to gather information about the man-made virus that wiped out most of the human population on the planet.
13. Movie: Showgirls
Genre: Drama
Description: Nomi, a young drifter, arrives in Las Vegas to become a dancer and soon sets about clawing and pushing her way to become the top of the Vegas showgirls.
14. Movie: Mallrats
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall.
15. Movie: Mortal Kombat
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Three unknowing martial artists are summoned to a mysterious island to compete in a tournament whose outcome will decide the fate of the world.
16. Movie: Apollo 13
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: NASA must devise a strategy to return Apollo 13 to Earth safely after the spacecraft undergoes massive internal damage putting the lives of the three astronauts on board in jeopardy.
17. Movie: Kids
Genre: Drama
Description: A day in the life of a group of teens as they travel around New York City skating, drinking, smoking, and deflowering virgins.
18. Movie: Kôkaku Kidôtai
Genre: Animation, Action, Mystery
Description: A cyborg policewoman and her partner hunt a mysterious and powerful hacker called the Puppet Master.
19. Movie: Heavy Weights
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Plump kids are lured into joining a posh fat camp with the promise of quick weight loss and good times, only to find that the facility is a woodland hellhole run by a psycho ex-fitness instructor.
20. Movie: Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie
Genre: Action, Adventure, Family
Description: A giant egg is unearthed at a construction site and soon opened, releasing the terrible Ivan Ooze, who wreaks vengeance on Zordon for imprisoning him millennia ago. With Zordon dying and their powers lost, the Rangers head to a distant planet to find the mystic warrior Dulcea.
21. Movie: Sense and Sensibility
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her three daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. The two eldest daughters are the titular opposites.
22. Movie: Bad Boys
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Two hip detectives protect a murder witness while investigating a case of stolen heroin.
23. Movie: Congo
Genre: Action, Adventure, Mystery
Description: When an expedition to the African Congo ends in disaster, a new team is assembled to find out what went wrong.
24. Movie: Waterworld
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: In a future where the polar ice-caps have melted and Earth is almost entirely submerged, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw "smokers," and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land.
25. Movie: Casper
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: A paranormal expert and his daughter bunk in an abandoned house populated by three mischievous ghosts and one friendly one.
26. Movie: Before Sunrise
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young man and woman meet on a train in Europe, and wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately, both know that this will probably be their only night together.
27. Movie: Hackers
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: A young boy is arrested by the U.S. Secret Service for writing a computer virus and is banned from using a computer until his 18th birthday. Years later, he and his new-found friends ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: Judge Dredd
Genre: Action, Crime, Sci-Fi
Description: In a dystopian future, Joseph Dredd, the most famous Judge (a police officer with instant field judiciary powers), is convicted for a crime he did not commit and must face his murderous counterpart.
29. Movie: Pocahontas
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: An English soldier and the daughter of an Algonquin chief share a romance when English colonists invade seventeenth-century Virginia.
30. Movie: Billy Madison
Genre: Comedy
Description: In order to inherit his fed up father's hotel empire, an immature and lazy man must repeat grades 1-12 all over again.
31. Movie: Leaving Las Vegas
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Ben Sanderson, a Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his alcoholism, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera.
32. Movie: The Basketball Diaries
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: A teenager finds his dreams of becoming a basketball star threatened after he free falls into the harrowing world of drug addiction.
33. Movie: Die Hard with a Vengeance
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: John McClane and a Harlem store owner are targeted by German terrorist Simon Gruber in New York City, where he plans to rob the Federal Reserve Building.
34. Movie: Strange Days
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a conspiracy in Los Angeles in 1999.
35. Movie: La haine
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: 24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.
36. Movie: Tommy Boy
Genre: Adventure, Comedy
Description: An incompetent, immature, and dimwitted heir to an auto parts factory must save the business to keep it out of the hands of his new, con-artist relatives and big business.
37. Movie: Sabrina
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it.
38. Movie: Empire Records
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: The employees of an independent music store learn about each other as they try anything to stop the store being absorbed by a large chain.
39. Movie: The Bridges of Madison County
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the life of housewife Francesca Johnson, for four days in the 1960s.
40. Movie: The Brady Bunch Movie
Genre: Comedy
Description: The original '70s T.V. family is now placed in the 1990s, where they're even more square and out of place than ever.
41. Movie: Dead Man
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Western
Description: On the run after murdering a man, accountant William Blake encounters a strange North American man named Nobody who prepares him for his journey into the spiritual world.
42. Movie: Four Rooms
Genre: Comedy
Description: Four interlocking tales that take place in a fading hotel on New Year's Eve.
43. Movie: Babe
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Babe, a pig raised by sheepdogs, learns to herd sheep with a little help from Farmer Hoggett.
44. Movie: Desperado
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: A gunslinger is embroiled in a war with a local drug runner.
45. Movie: While You Were Sleeping
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A hopeless romantic Chicago Transit Authority token collector is mistaken for the fiance of a coma patient.
46. Movie: Dead Man Walking
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A nun, while comforting a convicted killer on death row, empathizes with both the killer and his victim's families.
47. Movie: To Wong Foo Thanks for Everything, Julie Newmar
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Three drag queens travel cross-country until their car breaks down, leaving them stranded in a small town.
48. Movie: Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: Ace Ventura, Pet Detective, returns from a spiritual quest to investigate the disappearance of a rare white bat, the sacred animal of a tribe in Africa.
49. Movie: Species
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A group of scientists try to track down and trap a killer alien seductress before she successfully mates with a human.
50. Movie: Tank Girl
Genre: Action, Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: A girl is among the few survivors of a dystopian Earth. Riding a war tank, she fights against the tyranny of a mega-corporation that dominates the remaining potable water supply of the planet.
