Most Popular Feature Films Released 1984-01-01 to 1984-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Ghostbusters
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Three former parapsychology professors set up shop as a unique ghost removal service.
2. Movie: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees, and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace.
3. Movie: The Terminator
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: A seemingly indestructible humanoid cyborg is sent from 2029 to 1984 to assassinate a waitress, whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war against the machines, while a soldier from that war is sent to protect her at all costs.
4. Movie: Amadeus
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The incredible story ofWolfgang Amadeus Mozart, told by his peer and secret rivalAntonio Salieri- now confined to an insane asylum.
5. Movie: The Karate Kid
Genre: Action, Drama, Family
Description: A martial arts master agrees to teach karate to a bullied teenager.
6. Movie: Once Upon a Time in America
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.
7. Movie: The NeverEnding Story
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: A troubled boy dives into a wondrous fantasy world through the pages of a mysterious book.
8. Movie: Police Academy
Genre: Comedy
Description: A group of good-hearted but incompetent misfits enter the police academy, but the instructors there are not going to put up with their pranks.
9. Movie: A Nightmare on Elm Street
Genre: Horror
Description: Several people are hunted by a cruel serial killer who kills his victims in their dreams. While the survivors are trying to find the reason for being chosen, the murderer won't lose any chance to kill them as soon as they fall asleep.
10. Movie: Dune
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A Duke's son leads desert warriors against the galactic emperor and his father's evil nemesis when they assassinate his father and free their desert world from the emperor's rule.
11. Movie: Beverly Hills Cop
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: A freewheeling Detroit cop pursuing a murder investigation finds himself dealing with the very different culture of Beverly Hills.
12. Movie: Red Dawn
Genre: Action, Drama
Description: It is the dawn of World War III. In mid-western America, a group of teenagers bands together to defend their town, and their country, from invading Soviet forces.
13. Movie: Revenge of the Nerds
Genre: Comedy
Description: At Adams College, a group of bullied outcasts and misfits resolve to fight back for their peace and self-respect.
14. Movie: Gremlins
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A boy inadvertently breaks three important rules concerning his new pet and unleashes a horde of malevolently mischievous monsters on a small town.
15. Movie: Footloose
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: A city teenager moves to a small town where rock music and dancing have been banned, and his rebellious spirit shakes up the populace.
16. Movie: Sixteen Candles
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A girl's "sweet" sixteenth birthday becomes anything but special as she suffers from every embarrassment possible.
17. Movie: Romancing the Stone
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A romance writer sets off to Colombia to ransom her kidnapped sister, and soon finds herself in the middle of a dangerous adventure.
18. Movie: Nineteen Eighty-Four
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: In a totalitarian future society, a man whose daily work is rewriting history tries to rebel by falling in love.
19. Movie: This Is Spinal Tap
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Spinal Tap, one of England's loudest bands, is chronicled by film director Marty DeBergi on what proves to be a fateful tour.
20. Movie: Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: After being mortally wounded and taken to the morgue, murderer Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives and embarks on a killing spree as he makes his way back to his home at Camp Crystal Lake.
21. Movie: Star Trek III: The Search for Spock
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Admiral Kirk and his bridge crew risk their careers stealing the decommissioned Enterprise to return to the restricted Genesis planet to recover Spock's body.
22. Movie: Children of the Corn
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A young couple is trapped in a remote town where a dangerous religious cult of children believe everyone over the age of 18 must be killed.
23. Movie: Top Secret!
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Parody of WWII spy movies in which an American rock and roll singer becomes involved in a Resistance plot to rescue a scientist imprisoned in East Germany.
24. Movie: Kaze no tani no Naushika
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Warrior/pacifist Princess Nausica desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet.
25. Movie: 2010
Genre: Adventure, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A joint U.S.-Soviet expedition is sent to Jupiter to learn what happened to the Discovery.
26. Movie: Splash
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A young man is reunited with a mermaid who saves him from drowning as a boy and falls in love not knowing who/what she is.
27. Movie: The River Rat
Genre: Adventure, Crime, Drama
Description: After serving time for a theft he didn't commit, all Billy wants to do is to reconnect with his daughter. However, some loose ends, like the whereabouts of the stolen loot, just won't let him go.
28. Movie: The Bounty
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: The familiar story of Lieutenant Bligh, whose cruelty leads to a mutiny on his ship. This version follows both the efforts of Fletcher Christian to get his men beyond the reach of British ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: Supergirl
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: After losing a powerful orb, Kara, Superman's cousin, comes to Earth to retrieve it and instead finds herself up against a wicked witch.
30. Movie: Purple Rain
Genre: Drama, Music, Musical
Description: A young musician, tormented by an abusive situation at home, must contend with a rival singer, a burgeoning romance, and his own dissatisfied band, as his star begins to rise.
31. Movie: The Last Starfighter
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A video game expert Alex Rogan finds himself transported to another planet after conquering The Last Starfighter video game only to find out it was just a test.He was recruited to join the team of best starfighters to defend their world from the attack.
32. Movie: Conan the Destroyer
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Conan leads a ragtag group of adventurers on a quest for a princess.
33. Movie: Body Double
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A young actor's obsession with spying on a beautiful woman who lives nearby leads to a baffling series of events with drastic consequences.
34. Movie: Blood Simple.
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A rich but jealous man hires a private investigator to kill his cheating wife and her new man. But, when blood is involved, nothing is simple.
35. Movie: Bachelor Party
Genre: Comedy
Description: A soon-to-be-married man's friends throw him the ultimate bachelor party.
36. Movie: Paris, Texas
Genre: Drama
Description: Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family.
37. Movie: Repo Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Sci-Fi
Description: Young punk Otto becomes a repo man after helping to steal a car, and stumbles into a world of wackiness as a result.
38. Movie: The Killing Fields
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A journalist is trapped in Cambodia during tyrant Pol Pot's bloody "Year Zero" cleansing campaign, which claimed the lives of two million "undesirable" civilians.
39. Movie: The Woman in Red
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: On his way to work, Teddy spots Charlotte - an incredibly beautiful Woman in Red. He really wants to meet her - but what would his wife say?
40. Movie: Blame It on Rio
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Best friends and their daughters holiday in Rio only for one to fall for the other's daughter.
41. Movie: The Natural
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: An unknown comes out of seemingly nowhere to become a legendary player with almost divine talent.
42. Movie: Bolero
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A 1920s English heiress seeks ecstasy with a sheik in Morocco and a bullfighter in Spain.
43. Movie: Starman
Genre: Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: An alien takes the form of a young widow's husband and asks her to drive him from Wisconsin to Arizona. The government tries to stop them.
44. Movie: Streets of Fire
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A mercenary is hired to rescue his ex-girlfriend, a singer who has been kidnapped by a motorcycle gang.
45. Movie: The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Romance
Description: Adventurer/surgeon/rock musician Buckaroo Banzai and his band of men, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, take on evil alien invaders from the eighth dimension.
46. Movie: Against All Odds
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: A gangster hires an ex-football player to find his girlfriend. When he finds her, they fall in love, and the twists start to appear.
47. Movie: Night of the Comet
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A comet wipes out most of life on Earth, leaving two Valley Girls to fight the evil types who survive.
48. Movie: Stranger Than Paradise
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A self-styled New York hipster is paid a surprise visit by his younger cousin from Budapest. From initial hostility and indifference a small degree of affection grows between the two. Along...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Dreamscape
Genre: Action, Adventure, Horror
Description: A young psychic on the run from himself is recruited by a government agency experimenting with the use of the dream-sharing technology and is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of the U.S. president.
50. Movie: The Toxic Avenger
Genre: Action, Comedy, Horror
Description: Tromaville has a monstrous new hero. The Toxic Avenger is born when meek mop boy Melvin falls into a vat of toxic waste. Now evildoers will have a lot to lose.
