Most Popular Feature Films Released 1959-01-01 to 1959-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Ben-Hur
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: When a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
2. Movie: Some Like It Hot
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: When two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
3. Movie: North by Northwest
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: A hapless New York advertising executive is mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and is pursued across the country while he looks for a way to survive.
4. Movie: Sleeping Beauty
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: After being snubbed by the royal family, a malevolent fairy places a curse on a princess which only a prince can break, along with the help of three good fairies.
5. Movie: Rio Bravo
Genre: Action, Drama, Western
Description: A small-town sheriff in the American West enlists the help of a cripple, a drunk, and a young gunfighter in his efforts to hold in jail the brother of the local bad guy.
6. Movie: Les quatre cents coups
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Moving story of a young boy who, left without attention, delves into a life of petty crime.
7. Movie: Anatomy of a Murder
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In a murder trial, the defendant says he suffered temporary insanity after the victim raped his wife. What is the truth, and will he win his case?
8. Movie: Imitation of Life
Genre: Drama
Description: A struggling young actress with a six year-old daughter sets up housekeeping with a homeless black widow and her light-skinned eight year-old daughter who rejects her mother by trying to pass for white.
9. Movie: Plan 9 from Outer Space
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Aliens resurrect dead humans as zombies and vampires to stop humanity from creating the Solaranite (a sort of sun-driven bomb).
10. Movie: The Diary of Anne Frank
Genre: Biography, Drama, Family
Description: Harrowing story of a young Jewish girl who, with her family and their friends, is forced into hiding in an attic in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam.
11. Movie: Journey to the Center of the Earth
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: An Edinburgh professor and assorted colleagues follow an explorer's trail down an extinct Icelandic volcano to the earth's center.
12. Movie: On the Beach
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: After a global nuclear war, the residents of Australia must come to terms with the fact that all life will be destroyed in a matter of months.
13. Movie: Compulsion
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Two wealthy law-school students go on trial for murder in this version of the Leopold-Loeb case.
14. Movie: Suddenly, Last Summer
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: The only son of wealthy widow Violet Venable dies while on vacation with his cousin Catherine. What the girl saw was so horrible that she went insane; now Mrs. Venable wants Catherine lobotomized to cover up the truth.
15. Movie: Pillow Talk
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A man and a woman who share a party line cannot stand each other, but he has fun romancing her with his voice disguised.
16. Movie: House on Haunted Hill
Genre: Crime, Horror, Mystery
Description: A millionaire offers ten thousand dollars to five people who agree to be locked in a large, spooky, rented house overnight with him and his wife.
17. Movie: Darby O'Gill and the Little People
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: A wily old codger matches wits with the king of the leprechauns and helps play matchmaker for his daughter and the strapping lad who has replaced him as caretaker.
18. Movie: The Nun's Story
Genre: Drama
Description: After leaving a wealthy Belgian family to become a nun, Sister Luke struggles with her devotion to her vows during crisis, disappointment, and World War II.
19. Movie: Operation Petticoat
Genre: Comedy, Romance, War
Description: World War 2 comedy about a submarine commander who finds himself stuck with a decrepit (and pink) sub, a con-man executive officer and a group of army nurses.
20. Movie: Hiroshima mon amour
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A French actress filming an anti-war film in Hiroshima has an affair with a married Japanese architect as they share their differing perspectives on war.
21. Movie: Solomon and Sheba
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Shortly before his death in ancient Israel King David has a vision from God telling him that his younger son Solomon should succeed him as king. His other son Adonijah is unhappy and vows ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: The Gunfight at Dodge City
Genre: Western
Description: After his brother the sheriff is murdered, Bat Masterson is elected to the job and is determined to find the killer and make Dodge City safe.
23. Movie: Gidget
Genre: Comedy
Description: A young girl discovers surfing and love (in that order) during one transitive summer.
24. Movie: The Horse Soldiers
Genre: Adventure, Romance, War
Description: A Union Cavalry outfit is sent behind Confederate lines in strength to destroy a rail/supply center. Along with them is sent a doctor who causes instant antipathy between him and the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Porgy and Bess
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: In this legendary Gershwin opera set among the black residents of a fishing village in 1912 South Carolina, Bess - a woman with a disreputable history - tries to break free from her brutish...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: J'irai cracher sur vos tombes
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Joe Grant, a light-skinned African-African, heads to a small Southern town to investigate the lynching death of his brother. He draws the attention of a gorgeous heiress whom he learns may have been involved in the killing.
27. Movie: Shadows
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Cassavetes' jazz-scored improvisational film explores interracial friendships and relationships in Beat-Era (1950s) New York City.
28. Movie: A Summer Place
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A self-made businessman rekindles a romance with a former flame while their two teenage children begin a romance of their own with drastic consequences for both couples.
29. Movie: The Hound of the Baskervilles
Genre: Horror, Mystery
Description: When a nobleman is threatened by a family curse on his newly inherited estate, detective Sherlock Holmes is hired to investigate.
30. Movie: Green Mansions
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A young man in the jungles of Venezuela meets a strange girl of the forest and falls in love with her.
31. Movie: The Hangman
Genre: Western
Description: U.S.Marshal Bovard comes to a small border town to identify and arrest a fugitive but the whole town seems determined to prevent the marshal from doing his job.
32. Movie: Ride Lonesome
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: A bounty hunter escorts a killer to town to be hanged, but is allowing the man's outlaw brother to catch up with him, for a showdown over a shocking previous murder.
33. Movie: The Mouse That Roared
Genre: Comedy
Description: An impoverished backward nation declares a war on the United States of America, hoping to lose, but things don't go according to plan.
34. Movie: Warlock
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: A famous gunman becomes the marshal of Warlock to end a gang's rampages, but is met with some opposition by a former gang member turned deputy sheriff who wants to follow only legal methods.
35. Movie: Orfeu Negro
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Music
Description: A retelling of the Orpheus and Eurydice myth, set during the time of the Carnaval in Rio de Janeiro.
36. Movie: Our Man in Havana
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Jim Wormold, who is a vacuum cleaner salesman, participates as an agent in the British Secret Service. But he soon realizes that his plans by lying are going to get him into trouble.
37. Movie: The Rookie
Genre: Comedy
Description: Pvt. Thomas Noonan and Sgt. Pete Marshall are both vying for the hand of Lili Marlene. After World War II ends, the three of them get stranded on a remote island. Two Japanese sailors, unaware that the war has ended, arrive on the island.
38. Movie: The Mummy
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Horror
Description: In 1895, British archaeologists find and open the tomb of Egyptian Princess Ananka with nefarious consequences.
39. Movie: The Shaggy Dog
Genre: Family, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A teenage boy is cursed with periodically turning into an sheepdog.
40. Movie: Li'l Abner
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Family
Description: As Sadie Hawkins Day approaches, Daisy Mae hopes to win the hand of Li'l Abner by catching him in the traditional race. A senator comes to visit to tell the residents of Dogpatch that their...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Pickpocket
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Michel is released from jail after serving a sentence for thievery. His mother dies and he resorts to pickpocketing as a means of survival.
42. Movie: Med fara för livet
Genre: Crime, Mystery
Description: A spy melodrama in which a New York newspaper reporter, sent to Gotland to interview a nuclear scientist, becomes involved with foreign agents who have kidnapped the scientist's daughter.
43. Movie: Carry on Nurse
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Set in Haven Hospital where a certain men's ward is causing more havoc than the whole hospital put together. The formidable Matron's debut gives the patients a chill every time she walks ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Room at the Top
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An ambitious young accountant schemes to wed a wealthy factory owner's daughter, despite falling in love with a married older woman.
45. Movie: The Bat
Genre: Horror, Thriller, Mystery
Description: A crazed killer known as "The Bat" is on the loose in a mansion full of people.
46. Movie: The Young Philadelphians
Genre: Drama
Description: Up and coming, young lawyer Anthony Lawrence faces several ethical and emotional dilemmas as he climbs the Philadelphia social ladder. His personal and professional skills are tested as he ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Caltiki il mostro immortale
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Archaeologists investigating some Mayan ruins come across a blob-like monster. They manage to destroy it with fire, but keep a sample. Meanwhile, a comet is due to pass close to the Earth -...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Last Train from Gun Hill
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: A marshal tries to bring the son of an old friend, an autocratic cattle baron, to justice for the rape and murder of his wife.
49. Movie: A Bucket of Blood
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Horror
Description: A naive and untalented artist finds acclaim for a plaster-covered dead cat that is mistaken as a skillful statuette. The desire for more praise soon leads to an increasingly deadly series of works.
50. Movie: Never So Few
Genre: Drama, War
Description: During WW2, the American O.S.S. mounts covert operations against the Japanese army in the jungles of Burma.
