Most Popular Feature Films Released 1940-01-01 to 1940-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Black Friday
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Dr. Sovac transplants the brain of a gangster into his professor friend's body to save his life, but there is a side effect that causes a dangerous split personality.
2. Movie: The Sea Hawk
Genre: Action, Adventure, History
Description: Geoffrey Thorpe, a buccaneer, is hired by Queen Elizabeth I to nag the Spanish Armada. The Armada is waiting for the attack on England and Thorpe surprises them with attacks on their galleons where he shows his skills on the sword.
3. Movie: The Great Dictator
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
4. Movie: 'Northwest Passage' (Book I -- Rogers' Rangers)
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: Langdon Towne and Hunk Marriner join Major Rogers' Rangers as they wipe out an Indian village. They set out for Fort Wentworth, but when they arrive they find no soldiers and none of the supplies they expected.
5. Movie: Pinocchio
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Description: A living puppet, with the help of a cricket as his conscience, must prove himself worthy to become a real boy.
6. Movie: Rebecca
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Romance
Description: A self-conscious bride is tormented by the memory of her husband's dead first wife.
7. Movie: The Grapes of Wrath
Genre: Drama, History
Description: A poor Midwest family is forced off of their land. They travel to California, suffering the misfortunes of the homeless in the Great Depression.
8. Movie: Fantasia
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Description: A collection of animated interpretations of great works of Western classical music.
9. Movie: The Philadelphia Story
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: When a rich woman's ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself.
10. Movie: His Girl Friday
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A newspaper editor uses every trick in the book to keep his ace reporter ex-wife from remarrying.
11. Movie: My Favorite Wife
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Missing for seven years and presumed dead, a woman returns home on the day of her husband's second marriage.
12. Movie: The Shop Around the Corner
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand each other, without realizing that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal.
13. Movie: The Mark of Zorro
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: A young aristocrat must masquerade as a fop in order to maintain his secret identity of Zorro as he restores justice to early California.
14. Movie: Foreign Correspondent
Genre: Action, Romance, Thriller
Description: On the eve of World War II, a young American reporter tries to expose enemy agents in London.
15. Movie: The Saint's Double Trouble
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Drama
Description: An enigmatic gang leader known as "The Boss," who is a dead-ringer for Simon, puts "The Saint" under suspicion of murder.
16. Movie: The Thief of Bagdad
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: After being tricked and cast out of Bagdad by the evil Jaffar, King Ahmad joins forces with a thief named Abu to reclaim his throne, the city, and the Princess he loves.
17. Movie: Pride and Prejudice
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Mr. and Mrs. Bennet have five unmarried daughters, and Mrs. Bennet is especially eager to find suitable husbands for them. When the rich single gentlemen Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy come to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: Waterloo Bridge
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: During World War I, believing her fianc to be dead, a young ballerina loses her job and is forced to turn to prostitution.
19. Movie: I Love You Again
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Boring businessman Larry Wilson recovers from amnesia and discovers he's really a con man...and loves his soon-to-be-ex wife.
20. Movie: The Letter
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The wife of a rubber plantation administrator shoots a man to death and claims it was self-defense, but a letter in her own hand may prove her undoing.
21. Movie: Road to Singapore
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Bing Crosby and Bob Hope star in the first of the 'Road to' movies as two playboys trying to forget previous romances in Singapore - until they meet Dorothy Lamour.
22. Movie: The Blue Bird
Genre: Drama, Family, Fantasy
Description: Mytyl and her brother Tyltyl, a woodchopper's children, are led by the Fairy Berylune on a magical trip through the past, present, and future to locate the Blue Bird of Happiness.
23. Movie: Flight Angels
Genre: Romance, Comedy, Drama
Description: Federal Airlines ace pilot Chick Faber is grounded by Flight Superintendent Bill Graves when a doctor says his eyesight is failing. Aided by Mary Norvell and Nan Hudson, Graves persuades ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: Santa Fe Trail
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: In 1854, Jeb Stuart, George Custer and other graduates from West Point are posted to Kansas to help pacify the territory before railroad construction to Santa Fe can resume.
25. Movie: They Drive by Night
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Two brothers struggle as wildcat truck drivers; one comes to harm, the other is accused of his friend's murder.
26. Movie: The Westerner
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: Judge Roy Bean, a self-appointed hanging judge in Vinegarroon, Texas, befriends saddle tramp Cole Harden, who opposes Bean's policy against homesteaders.
27. Movie: Remember the Night
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A shoplifter and her prosecuter fall in love, creating tensions in their family lives.
28. Movie: Night Train to Munich
Genre: Thriller, War
Description: When Germany invades Czechoslovakia, the German and the British intelligence services try to capture Czech scientist Axel Bomasch, inventor of a new type of armor-plating.
29. Movie: The Door with Seven Locks
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: A murder is found to be connected to a false heir and a secret underground torture chamber.
30. Movie: The Long Voyage Home
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Aboard the freighter Glencairn, the lives of the crew are lived out in fear, loneliness, suspicion and cameraderie. The men smuggle drink and women aboard, fight with each other, spy on ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: Gaslight
Genre: Thriller
Description: Twenty years after the murder of Alice Barlow, her house is finally occupied again. However, the husband of the couple who have moved in has a secret which he will do anything to keep hidden.
32. Movie: Kitty Foyle
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A hard-working, white-collar girl from a middle-class family meets and falls in love with a young socialite, but she soon clashes with his family.
33. Movie: Broadway Melody of 1940
Genre: Musical
Description: Johnny Brett and King Shaw are an unsuccessful dance team in New York. A producer discovers Brett as the new partner for Clare Bennett, but Brett, who thinks he is one of the people they lent money to gives him the name of his partner.
34. Movie: Our Town
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Change comes slowly to a small New Hampshire town in the early 20th century. People grow up, get married, live, and die. Milk and the newspaper get delivered every morning, and nobody locks...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Ett brott
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A murder is committed in an apartment building in Stockholm. The clues point toward the Justice of the Supreme Court and his sons.
36. Movie: Virginia City
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: Union officer Kerry Bradford escapes from Confederate Prison and is set to Virginia City in Nevada. Once there he finds that the former commander of his prison Vance Irby is planning to send $5 million in gold to save the Confederacy.
37. Movie: The Mortal Storm
Genre: Drama
Description: The Roth family lead a quiet life in a small village in the German Alps during the early 1930s. When the Nazis come to power, the family is divided and Martin Brietner, a family friend is caught up in the turmoil.
38. Movie: Knute Rockne All American
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: The story of legendary Notre Dame football player and coach Knute Rockne.
39. Movie: The Ghost Breakers
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Mystery
Description: A radio broadcaster, his quaking manservant, and an heiress investigate the mystery of a haunted castle in Cuba.
40. Movie: Dance, Girl, Dance
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Judy O'Brien is an aspiring ballerina in a dance troupe. Also in the company is Bubbles, a brash mantrap who leaves the struggling troupe for a career in burlesque. When the company ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: All This, and Heaven Too
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: When lovely and virtuous governess Henriette Deluzy comes to educate the children of the debonair Duc de Praslin, a royal subject to King Louis-Philippe and the husband of the volatile and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Boom Town
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Two buddies who rise from fly-by-night wildcatters to oil tycoons over a twenty year period both love the same woman.
43. Movie: Charlie Chan in Panama
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: Inspector Chan investigates a group of travelers, one of whom is a saboteur.
44. Movie: The Son of Monte Cristo
Genre: Adventure
Description: In 1865, General Gurko Lanen is dictator of "Lichtenburg" in the Balkans. Rightful ruler Zona hopes to get aid from Napoleon III of France. The visiting Count of Monte Cristo falls for Zona...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Brigham Young
Genre: Adventure, Biography, History
Description: In 1844, after the assassination of Mormon leader Joseph Smith by an angry mob in Illinois, the Mormons choose Brigham Young as their new leader and follow him to a new promised land in Utah.
46. Movie: Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Adventure
Description: Flash and his friends return to planet Mongo for an antidote to the Purple Death. But Ming the Merciless has other plans for them...
47. Movie: The Invisible Man Returns
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: The owner of a coal mining operation, falsely imprisoned for fratricide, takes a drug to make him invisible, despite its side effect: gradual madness.
48. Movie: Dark Command
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: In Kansas, during the Civil War opposing pro-Union and pro-Confederate camps clash and visiting Texan Bob Seton runs afoul of William Cantrell's Raiders.
49. Movie: The Bank Dick
Genre: Comedy
Description: Henpecked Egbert Sous has comic adventures as a substitute film director and unlikely bank guard.
50. Movie: The Great McGinty
Genre: Comedy
Description: Dan McGinty has great success in his chosen field of crooked politics. But endangers it all in one crazy moment of honesty...
