Most Popular Feature Films Released 1936-01-01 to 1936-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Modern Times
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.
2. Movie: A Woman Rebels
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: The story revolves around Pamela, as a woman in late-1800's England who has no intention of marriage and wishes to be her own person. After a great deal of difficulty in finding a job, she ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
3. Movie: Camille
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A Parisian courtesan must choose between the young man who loves her and the callous baron who wants her, even as her own health begins to fail.
4. Movie: Flash Gordon
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Three earthlings visit the planet Mongo to thwart the evil schemes of Emperor Ming the Merciless.
5. Movie: The Ex-Mrs. Bradford
Genre: Comedy, Mystery, Romance
Description: Screwball comedy has wealthy mystery writer Paula Bradford using her doctor ex-husband's non-payment of alimony to coerce him into a reconciliation.
6. Movie: Mr. Deeds Goes to Town
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Longfellow Deeds, a simple-hearted Vermont tuba player, inherits a fortune and has to contend with opportunist city slickers.
7. Movie: Mary of Scotland
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The recently widowed Mary Stuart returns to Scotland to reclaim her throne but is opposed by her half-brother and her own Scottish lords.
8. Movie: Make Way for a Lady
Genre: Comedy
Description: A teenager plays cupid for her widowed father but picks the wrong woman.
9. Movie: Swing Time
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A performer and gambler travels to New York City to raise the $25,000 he needs to marry his fiance, only to become entangled with a beautiful aspiring dancer.
10. Movie: My Man Godfrey
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A scatterbrained socialite hires a vagrant as a family butler...but there's more to Godfrey than meets the eye.
11. Movie: Things to Come
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi, War
Description: The story of a century: a decades-long second World War leaves plague and anarchy, then a rational state rebuilds civilization and attempts space travel.
12. Movie: Sabotage
Genre: Thriller
Description: A Scotland Yard undercover detective is on the trail of a saboteur who is part of a plot to set off a bomb in London. But when the detective's cover is blown, the plot begins to unravel.
13. Movie: Show Boat
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Despite her mother's objections, the naive young daughter of a show boat captain is thrust into the limelight as the company's new leading lady.
14. Movie: The Petrified Forest
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Romance
Description: A waitress, a hobo and a bank robber get mixed up at a lonely diner in the desert.
15. Movie: After the Thin Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Nick investigates the case of a missing man and later a murder that is connected to Nora's family.
16. Movie: Tell Your Children
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Cautionary tale features a fictionalized and highly exaggerated take on the use of marijuana. A trio of drug dealers lead innocent teenagers to become addicted to "reefer" cigarettes by holding wild parties with jazz music.
17. Movie: The Great Ziegfeld
Genre: Biography, Drama, Musical
Description: The ups and downs ofFlorenz Ziegfeld Jr., famed producer of extravagant stage revues, are portrayed.
18. Movie: The Charge of the Light Brigade
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: A major countermands orders and attacks to avenge a previous massacre of men, women, and children.
19. Movie: Secret Agent
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: After three British agents are assigned to assassinate a mysterious German spy during World War I, two of them become ambivalent when their duty to the mission conflicts with their consciences.
20. Movie: Fury
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: When a wrongly accused prisoner barely survives a lynch mob attack and is presumed dead, he vindictively decides to fake his death and frame the mob for his murder.
21. Movie: Romeo and Juliet
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Young love is poisoned by a generations long feud between two noble families.
22. Movie: Dodsworth
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A retired auto manufacturer and his wife take a long-planned European vacation only to find that they want very different things from life.
23. Movie: The Last of the Mohicans
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: In the year 1756, Fort William Henry on Lake George is under siege by the French and Hurons under General Montcalm. Alice and Cora Munro, young daughters of the British Commander, Colonel ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: Follow the Fleet
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A Navy sailor tries to rekindle a romance with the woman he loves while on liberty in San Francisco.
25. Movie: Dracula's Daughter
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: Hungarian countess Marya Zaleska seeks the aid of a noted psychiatrist, hoping to free herself of a mysterious evil influence.
26. Movie: San Francisco
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: A Barbary Coast saloonkeeper and a Nob Hill impresario are rivals for the affections of a beautiful singer, both personally and professionally in 1906 San Francisco.
27. Movie: Libeled Lady
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A newspaper man, his jilted fiance, and his lawyer hatch an elaborate scheme to turn a false news story into the truth, before a high-society woman can sue for libel.
28. Movie: Wife vs. Secretary
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The wife of a publishing executive mistakenly believes that her husband's relationship with his attractive secretary is more than professional.
29. Movie: Anything Goes
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A young man falls in love with a beautiful blonde. When he sees her being forced onto a luxury liner, he decides to follow and rescue her. However, he discovers that she is an English ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Born to Dance
Genre: Musical, Comedy
Description: Sailor Ted meets at the Lonely Hearts Club of his friend Gunny's wife, Jenny, a girl, Nora Paige, and falls in love. Nora wants to become a dancer on Broadway. Ted rescues the Pekinese of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: The Amazing Quest of Ernest Bliss
Genre: Drama, Romance, Comedy
Description: A bored millionaire wagers his doctor that he can support himself at a working class job for year without touching his inheritance.
32. Movie: The Devil-Doll
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: An escaped convict uses miniaturized humans to wreak vengeance on those that framed him.
33. Movie: The Invisible Ray
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A scientist becomes murderous after discovering, and being exposed to the radiation of, a powerful new element called Radium X.
34. Movie: Rose-Marie
Genre: Musical, Romance, Adventure
Description: Opera singer (Marie de Flor) seeks out fugitive brother in the Canadian wilderness. During her trek, she meets a Canadian mountie (Sgt. Bruce) who is also searching for her brother. Romance...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: The Garden of Allah
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: The star-crossed desert romance of a cloistered woman and a renegade monk.
36. Movie: The Walking Dead
Genre: Crime, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: After hapless pianist and ex-con John Elman is framed for murder, he is resurrected by a scientist after his execution.
37. Movie: Come and Get It
Genre: Drama
Description: An ambitious lumberjack abandons his saloon girl lover so that he can marry into wealth, but years later becomes infatuated with the woman's daughter.
38. Movie: Anthony Adverse
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: In 18th-century Italy, an orphan's debt to the man who raised him threatens to separate him forever from the woman he loves.
39. Movie: The Green Pastures
Genre: Drama
Description: God, heaven, and several Old Testament stories, including the Creation and Noah's Ark, are described supposedly using the perspective of rural, black Americans.
40. Movie: Our Relations
Genre: Comedy
Description: Unbeknownst to Stanley and Oliver, their long-lost twin brothers, sailors Alfie and Bert are in town on shore leave carrying a valuable pearl ring entrusted to them by their ship's captain....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: The Prisoner of Shark Island
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The story of Dr. Samuel Mudd, who was imprisoned after innocently treating President Lincoln's assassin in 1865.
42. Movie: The Plainsman
Genre: Biography, History, Romance
Description: Wild Bill Hickok attempts to stop an Indian uprising that was started by white gun-runners.
43. Movie: Poor Little Rich Girl
Genre: Adventure, Family, Music
Description: The daughter of a wealthy businessman becomes lost in the city while traveling to a new school, and is taken in by a pair of down-on-their-luck performers.
44. Movie: Intermezzo
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The world famous violinist Holger Brandt comes back to his family after a tour. He and his wife have been married for many years, but their love has gone. Their young daughter gets a new ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Pennies from Heaven
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Larry Poole, in prison on a false charge, promise an inmate that when he gets out he will look up and help out a family. The family turns out to be a young girl, Patsy Smith, and her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Les bas-fonds
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A charismatic thief makes friends with a bankrupt baron who comes to live in the thief's slum. Meanwhile the thief seeks the love of a young woman, who is held emotionally captive by her slumlord family.
47. Movie: These Three
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Two school teachers and the man they both love face ruin when a malicious student cooks up a lie.
48. Movie: Desire
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Crime
Description: An automotive engineer bound for a holiday in Spain meets a sultry jewel thief.
49. Movie: The Man Who Could Work Miracles
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: An ordinary man suddenly finds that anything he says comes true. Or at least, almost anything!
50. Movie: Theodora Goes Wild
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: The author of a controversially racy best-selling book tries to hide her celebrity status from her provincial small-town neighbors, who'd be scandalized if they knew.
