Most Popular Feature Films Released 1947-01-01 to 1947-12-31 : 
1. Movie: It Happened in Brooklyn
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Danny has been in the army for 4 years, yet all he thinks about is Brooklyn and how great it is. When he returns after the war, he soon finds that Brooklyn is not so nice after all. He is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
2. Movie: Magic Town
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: An opinion pollster finds a town which is a perfect mirror of U.S. opinions.
3. Movie: Miracle on 34th Street
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: When a nice old man who claims to be Santa Claus is institutionalized as insane, a young lawyer decides to defend him by arguing in court that he is the real thing.
4. Movie: Gentleman's Agreement
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A reporter pretends to be Jewish in order to cover a story on anti-Semitism, and personally discovers the true depths of bigotry and hatred.
5. Movie: Out of the Past
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A private eye escapes his past to run a gas station in a small town, but his past catches up with him. Now he must return to the big city world of danger, corruption, double crosses and duplicitous dames.
6. Movie: The Lady from Shanghai
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Fascinated by gorgeous Mrs. Bannister, seaman Michael O'Hara joins a bizarre yachting cruise, and ends up mired in a complex murder plot.
7. Movie: Dark Passage
Genre: Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A man convicted of murdering his wife escapes from prison and works with a woman to try and prove his innocence.
8. Movie: Black Narcissus
Genre: Drama
Description: After opening a convent in the Himalayas, five nuns encounter conflict and tension - both with the natives and also within their own group - as they attempt to adapt to their remote, exotic surroundings.
9. Movie: The Ghost and Mrs. Muir
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: In 1900, a young widow finds her seaside cottage is haunted...and forms a unique relationship with the ghost.
10. Movie: Boomerang!
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The true story of a prosecutor's fight to prove the innocence of a man accused of a notorious murder.
11. Movie: The Bishop's Wife
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: An angel in human form enters the life of a bishop in order to help him build a new cathedral and repair his fractured marriage.
12. Movie: The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A clumsy daydreamer gets caught up in a sinister conspiracy.
13. Movie: Kiss of Death
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: With his law-breaking lifestyle in the past, an ex-con, along with his family, attempt to start a new life, knowing a betrayed someone from the past is bound to see otherwise.
14. Movie: The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A high school girl falls for a playboy artist, with screwball results.
15. Movie: The Paradine Case
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A happily married London barrister falls in love with the accused poisoner he is defending.
16. Movie: Angel and the Badman
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Quirt Evans, an all round bad guy, is nursed back to health and sought after by Penelope Worth, a Quaker girl. He eventually finds himself having to choose between his world and the world Penelope lives in.
17. Movie: Crossfire
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group of soldiers just out of the army. But which one? And why?
18. Movie: Brute Force
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: At a tough penitentiary, prisoner Joe Collins plans to rebel against Captain Munsey, the power-mad chief guard.
19. Movie: Song of the Thin Man
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Nick, Nora, and Nick Jr. investigate the murder of a band leader in New York.
20. Movie: Cheyenne
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Wells Fargo stages are being robbed by 'The Poet' and no one can find out who he is. Wylie is a gambler who is found by the sheriff and gives him the option of going back to a questionable ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: Odd Man Out
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A wounded Irish nationalist leader attempts to evade police following a failed robbery. Action takes place in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
22. Movie: Monsieur Verdoux
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: A suave but cynical man supports his family by marrying and murdering rich women for their money, but the job has some occupational hazards.
23. Movie: Fun &amp; Fancy Free
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: "Bongo," about a circus bear escaping to the wild, and "Mickey and the Beanstalk," a take on the famous fairy tale.
24. Movie: Life with Father
Genre: Comedy
Description: A financier from New York rules his numerous family, consisting of his wife and his four sons, with the meticulousness of a bookkeeper.
25. Movie: Born to Kill
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A calculating divorce risks her chances at wealth and security with a man she doesn't love by getting involved with the hotheaded murderer romancing her foster sister.
26. Movie: It Happened on Fifth Avenue
Genre: Comedy, Music, Romance
Description: A homeless New Yorker moves into a mansion and along the way he gathers friends to live in the house with him. Before he knows it, he is living with the actual home owners.
27. Movie: La princesa de los ursinos
Genre: History
Description: The story of the Countess d'Orsini, French noblewoman and courtesan at the court of the Spanish king, who acted as an agent for the King of France and was one of the most powerful people at the Spanish court.
28. Movie: Lady in the Lake
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: The lady editor of a crime magazine hires Philip Marlowe to find the wife of her boss. The private detective soon finds himself involved in murder.
29. Movie: Dead Reckoning
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A soldier runs away rather than receive the Medal of Honor, so his buddy gets permission to investigate, and love and death soon follow.
30. Movie: Secret Beyond the Door...
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: When a lovely wife and her new husband, settle in an ancient mansion on the East coast, she discovers he may want to kill her.
31. Movie: The Egg and I
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: On their wedding night Bob informs his new bride Betty that he has bought a chicken farm. An abandoned chicken farm, to be exact, which is obvious when the two move in. Betty endures Bob's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Trail Street
Genre: Western
Description: Bat Masterson's old friend Billy Burns convinces him to become marshal of Liberal, Kansas and help the residents fight drought and a destructive range war.
33. Movie: Sinbad, the Sailor
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Romance
Description: Sinbad is a story teller who weaves great adventures about - himself. Whether they are true or not, no one knows. For this is the story of the eight adventures of Sinbad - as told by Sinbad...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: Song of Love
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: Composer Robert Schumann struggles to compose his symphonies while his loving wife Clara offers her support. Also helping the Schumanns is their lifelong friend, composer Johannes Brahms.
35. Movie: Forever Amber
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: In seventeenth-century England, Amber St. Clair aims to raise herself from country girl to nobility, and succeeds, but loses her true love in the process.
36. Movie: Lured
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A serial killer in London is murdering young women he meets through the personal columns of newspapers. He announces each of his murders to the police by sending them a cryptic poem. After ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: Brighton Rock
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Pinkie Brown is a small-town hoodlum whose gang runs a protection racket based at Brighton race course. When Pinkie orders the murder of a rival, Fred, the police believe it to be suicide. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: The Two Mrs. Carrolls
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Struggling artist Geoffrey Carroll meets Sally whilst on holiday in the country. A romance develops but he doesn't tell her he's already married. Suffering from mental illness, Geoffrey ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Unconquered
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: Intrepid frontiersman Chris Holden foils the political and personal ambitions of renegade Martin Garth in the Ohio Valley following the French and Indian War.
40. Movie: Possessed
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: After being found wandering the streets of Los Angeles, a severely catatonic woman tells a doctor the complex story of how she wound up there.
41. Movie: Body and Soul
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Sport
Description: Charley Davis wins an amateur boxing match and is taken on by promoter Quinn. Charley's mother doesn't want him to fight, but when Charley's father is accidentally killed, Charley sets up a...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: A Double Life
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Anthony John is an actor whose life is strongly influenced by the characters he plays. When he's playing comedy, he's the most enjoyable person in the world, but when he's playing drama, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: My Favorite Brunette
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Shortly before his execution on the death row in San Quentin, amateur sleuth and baby photographer Ronnie Jackson, tells reporters how he got there.
44. Movie: Green for Danger
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: After the nurse who declares that a recent surgical death was a murder dies also, an enigmatic Scotland Yard inspector arrives to investigate.
45. Movie: Daisy Kenyon
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Commercial artist Daisy Kenyon is involved with married lawyer Dan O'Mara, and hopes someday to marry him, if he ever divorces his wife Lucille. She meets returning veteran Peter, a decent ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Mine Own Executioner
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: Pretty Molly Lucian enlists the reluctant aid of psychologist Felix Milne in treating her potentially homicidal husband Adam, who refuses to see a "real" psychiatrist. Traumatized in a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Dreams That Money Can Buy
Description: After learning how to look inside himself, a poetic bum sells people vivid dreams.
48. Movie: Nightmare Alley
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The rise and fall of Stanton Carlisle, a mentalist whose lies and deceit prove to be his downfall.
49. Movie: The Sea of Grass
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: This western begins with St. Louis resident Lutie Cameron (Katharine Hepburn) marrying New Mexico cattleman Col. James B. 'Jim' Brewton (Spencer Tracy) after a short courtship. When she ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The Unfinished Dance
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Meg, a young ballet student, idolizes the school's top ballerina, the shallow Ariane Bouchet. Meg is distressed when she learns visiting prima ballerina Darina rather than Bouchet will play...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
