Most Popular Feature Films Released 1926-01-01 to 1926-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The General
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: When Union spies steal an engineer's beloved locomotive, he pursues it single-handedly and straight through enemy lines.
2. Movie: Faust: Eine deutsche Volkssage
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: The demon Mephisto wagers with God that he can corrupt a mortal man's soul.
3. Movie: The Temptress
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An architect tries suppressing his passion for a seductive woman.
4. Movie: The Great Gatsby
Genre: Drama
Description: Nick Carraway, a young Midwesterner now living on Long Island, finds himself fascinated by the mysterious past and lavish lifestyle of his neighbour, the nouveau riche Jay Gatsby. He is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
5. Movie: The Scarlet Letter
Genre: Drama
Description: After having a child out of wedlock, a young Puritan woman is pressured to reveal the name of her lover.
6. Movie: Die Abenteuer des Prinzen Achmed
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A handsome prince rides a flying horse to far-away lands and embarks on magical adventures, which include befriending a witch, meeting Aladdin, battling demons and falling in love with a princess.
7. Movie: Don Juan
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Description: Misogynistic skirt chaser Don Juan falls for a convent girl.
8. Movie: The Son of the Sheik
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: The son of the sheik and a dancing girl fall in love, but when he is made to believe she has betrayed him he seeks revenge.
9. Movie: Flesh and the Devil
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Childhood friends are torn apart when one of them marries the woman the other once fiercely loved.
10. Movie: Beverly of Graustark
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Beverly of Graustark (1926) is a silent film directed by Sidney Franklin, starring Marion Davies, Antonio Moreno and Creighton Hale. The film's screenplay was written by Agnes Christine ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
11. Movie: The Mountain Eagle
Genre: Romance, Thriller
Description: In the Kentucky hills a store keeper tries to win the love of an innocent schoolteacher. She runs away and seeks refuge with a hermit.
12. Movie: Kurutta ippêji
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A man takes a job at an asylum with hopes of freeing his imprisoned wife.
13. Movie: Mat
Genre: Drama
Description: The Film Version Of Gorki's Great Story Of The 1905 Revolution
14. Movie: The Black Pirate
Genre: Adventure, Action
Description: Seeking revenge, an athletic young man joins the pirate band responsible for his father's death.
15. Movie: Ella Cinders
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Poor Ella Cinders is much abused by her evil step-mother and step-sisters. When she wins a local beauty contest she jumps at the chance to get out of her dead-end life and go to Hollywood, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: La Bohème
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A group of starving artists try to survive in 1830s Paris, including a seamstress and the would-be playwright she loves.
17. Movie: Sparrows
Genre: Drama
Description: Molly, the eldest child at a baby farm hidden deep in a swamp, must rescue the others when their cruel master decides that one of them will be disposed of.
18. Movie: Brown of Harvard
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Tom Brown shows up at Harvard, confident and a bit arrogant. He becomes a rival of Bob McAndrew, not only in football and rowing crew, but also for the affections of Mary Abbott, a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
19. Movie: The Winning of Barbara Worth
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: While building an irrigation system for a Southwestern desert community, an engineer vies with a local cowboy for the affections of a rancher's daughter.
20. Movie: 3 Bad Men
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Three outlaws come to the aid of a young girl after her father is killed.
21. Movie: Feu Mathias Pascal
Genre: Drama
Description: Mathias Pascal, only son of a once rich family, marries beautiful Romalinda, who has a terrible mother-in-law. She controls her daughter, and soon his home life becomes a nightmare, as well...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: Torrent
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young girl and her father are kicked out of their house by a cruel noblewoman, and the girl's heart is broken when her sweetheart, the noblewoman's son, won't go to Paris with them. After...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Battling Butler
Genre: Comedy
Description: A love-struck weakling must pretend to be boxer in order to gain respect from the family of the girl he loves.
24. Movie: Nana
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: When the vivacious and beautiful Nana bombs at the Thtre des Varits, she embarks on the life of a courtesan, using her allure and charisma to entice and pleasure men.
25. Movie: Bardelys the Magnificent
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Rafael Sabatini's story of the swashbuckling era and of Bardeleys, the handsome courtier who could win any woman he set his mind to...and was not above boasting about it to all who would listen.
26. Movie: The Great K &amp; A Train Robbery
Genre: Western
Description: Cullen has hired Tom to try and stop the robberies on his railroad. Knowing Cullen's secretary Holt is tipping off the gang, Tom works undercover by posing as a highwayman. To help him ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
27. Movie: Irene
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Irene, a feisty Irish girl in Philadelphia, clashes with her family and walks out, heading to New York City to seek fame and fortune. She gets a job as a dressmaker's model and becomes ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: The Magician
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A magician/alchemist, seeking to create life, finds that he needs the "blood of a virgin" to continue his experiments. He sends out his dwarf assistant to pick out the right girl.
29. Movie: Beau Geste
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Michael "Beau" Geste leaves England in disgrace and joins the infamous French Foreign Legion. He is reunited with his two brothers in North Africa, where they face greater danger from their...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: The Sorrows of Satan
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Geoffrey, a young and impoverished writer, is desperately in love with Mavis, who lives at his boardinghouse and is also pursuing a writing career. Unable to marry her because of his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: What Price Glory
Genre: Comedy, Drama, War
Description: U.S. Marine sergeants Quirt and Flagg are inveterate romantic rivals on peacetime assignments in China and the Philippines. In 1917, W.W. I brings them to France, where Flagg, now a captain...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Der heilige Berg
Genre: Drama
Description: The dancer, Diotima, meets an engineer and skier, Karl, in his cottage in the mountains where they fall in love and have an affair. When Karl's young friend, Vigo, meets her she gives him ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: Po zakonu
Genre: Drama
Description: A five-person team of gold prospectors in the Yukon has just begun to enjoy great success when one of the members snaps, and suddenly kills two of the others. The two survivors, a husband ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: Tell It to the Marines
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A gruff Marine sergeant and a handsome new recruit compete for the affection of a nurse.
35. Movie: The Sea Beast
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: This silent movie is based on Melville's classic Moby Dick. Ahab and his brother compete for the affections of minister's daughter Esther. But the great white whale has been eluding the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: The Bat
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: A masked criminal who dresses like a giant bat terrorizes the guests at an old house rented by a mystery writer.
37. Movie: Fig Leaves
Genre: Comedy
Description: In the modern day (1920s) story, Adam, a plumber, is happily married to Eve, a wardrobe-obsessed housewife, until she accidentally meets a supercilious fashion designer. At the prompting of...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: The Strong Man
Genre: Comedy
Description: A meek Belgian soldier (Harry Langdon) fighting in World War I receives penpal letters and a photo from "Mary Brown", an American girl he has never met. He becomes infatuated with her by ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Paris
Genre: Drama
Description: The power of love in the violent underground world of the Apaches in Paris in the early 20th century.
40. Movie: A Social Celebrity
Genre: Comedy
Description: Add a Plot
41. Movie: So This Is Paris
Genre: Comedy
Description: The first movie to ever depict a choreographed dance scene in a silent movie. The Charleston!
42. Movie: The Boob
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Idealistic farm boy Peter loves Amy whose fancy is urbane Harry. He discovers Harry is a rum runner and turns him over to prohibition agents, including Jane. May is at last impressed with ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Glomdalsbruden
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Tore takes over the rundown family farm. Applying his youthful energy, he intends to make it into a big farm like Glomgrden on the other side of the river, where beautiful Berit loves. ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Mare Nostrum
Genre: War
Description: The story of a female German spy who willingly sacrifices her life for her country.
45. Movie: Geheimnisse einer Seele
Genre: Drama
Description: A scientist is tormented by an irrational fear of knives and the irresistible compulsion to murder his wife.
46. Movie: For Heaven's Sake
Genre: Action, Comedy, Romance
Description: An irresponsible young millionaire changes his tune when he falls for the daughter of a downtown minister.
47. Movie: Ebberöds bank
Description: Add a Plot
48. Movie: Mantrap
Genre: Comedy
Description: A sexy young manicurist living with her older backwoodsman husband in a small Canadian town finds herself attracted to a young, rich and famous divorce lawyer who comes to town on vacation.
49. Movie: The Show Off
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A blowhard who poses as a railroad executive (but is really just a $30-a-week clerk) catches a young bride and then drives her family's finances to the brink of ruin.
50. Movie: The Blackbird
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Two thieves, the Blackbird and West End Bertie, fall in love with the same girl, a French nightclub performer named Fifi. Each man tries to outdo the other to win her heart.
