Most Popular Feature Films Released 1980-01-01 to 1980-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Shining
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where an evil and spiritual presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from the past and of the future.
2. Movie: Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: After the rebels have been brutally overpowered by the Empire on their newly established base, Luke Skywalker takes advanced Jedi training with Master Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader as part of his plan to capture Luke.
3. Movie: The Blues Brothers
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Jake Blues, just out from prison, puts together his old band to save the Catholic home where he and brother Elwood were raised.
4. Movie: Airplane!
Genre: Comedy
Description: A man afraid to fly must ensure that a plane lands safely after the pilots become sick.
5. Movie: Caddyshack
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: An exclusive golf course has to deal with a brash new member and a destructive dancing gopher.
6. Movie: Friday the 13th
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A group of camp counselors is stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp which, years before, was the site of a child's drowning.
7. Movie: The Blue Lagoon
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: In the Victorian period, two children are shipwrecked on a tropical island in the South Pacific. With no adults to guide them, the two make a simple life together, unaware that sexual maturity will eventually intervene.
8. Movie: The Elephant Man
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man who is mistreated while scraping a living as a side-show freak. Behind his monstrous facade, there is revealed a person of intelligence and sensitivity.
9. Movie: Flash Gordon
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A football player and his friends travel to the planet Mongo and find themselves fighting the tyranny of Ming the Merciless to save Earth.
10. Movie: Raging Bull
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: An emotionally self-destructive boxer's journey through life, as the violence and temper that leads him to the top in the ring destroys his life outside it.
11. Movie: Superman II
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Superman agrees to sacrifice his powers to start a relationship with Lois Lane, unaware that three Kryptonian criminals he inadvertently released are conquering Earth.
12. Movie: Cannibal Holocaust
Genre: Adventure, Horror
Description: During a rescue mission into the Amazon rainforest, a professor stumbles across lost film shot by a missing documentary crew.
13. Movie: Nine to Five
Genre: Comedy
Description: Three female employees of a sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot find a way to turn the tables on him.
14. Movie: Ordinary People
Genre: Drama
Description: The accidental death of the older son of an affluent family deeply strains the relationships among the bitter mother, the good-natured father, and the guilt-ridden younger son.
15. Movie: Popeye
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: The adventures of the sailor man and his friends in the seaside town of Sweethaven.
16. Movie: The Mirror Crack'd
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Miss Marple comes to solve the mystery when a local woman is poisoned and a visiting movie star seems to have been the intended victim.
17. Movie: The Fog
Genre: Horror
Description: Legend says that Antonio Bay was built in 1880 with blood money obtained from shipwrecked lepers, which no one believes. On the eve of the town's centennial, many plan to attend the celebrations, including the murdered lepers.
18. Movie: Dressed to Kill
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: A mysterious blonde woman kills one of a psychiatrist's patients, and then goes after the high-class call girl who witnessed the murder.
19. Movie: The Ninth Configuration
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Horror
Description: A new commanding officer arrives at a remote castle serving as an insane asylum for crazy and AWOL U.S. Army soldiers where he attempts to rehabilitate them by allowing them to live out ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Xanadu
Genre: Fantasy, Musical, Romance
Description: The story of a girl who makes dreams come true.
21. Movie: The Long Riders
Genre: Western
Description: The origins, exploits and the ultimate fate of the Jesse James gang is told in a sympathetic portrayal of the bank robbers made up of brothers who begin their legendary bank raids because of revenge.
22. Movie: Urban Cowboy
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: Bud is a young man from the country who learns about life and love in a Houston bar.
23. Movie: Heaven's Gate
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Western
Description: A dramatization of the real-life Johnson County War in 1890 Wyoming, in which a sheriff born into wealth attempts to protect immigrant farmers from rich cattle interests.
24. Movie: Stir Crazy
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Set up and wrongfully accused, two best friends will be sent to prison for a crime they didn't commit, however, no prison cell can keep them locked in.
25. Movie: Cruising
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A police detective goes undercover in the underground S&M; gay subculture of New York City to catch a serial killer who is preying on gay men.
26. Movie: Altered States
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A Harvard scientist conducts experiments on himself with a hallucinatory drug and an isolation chamber that may be causing him to regress genetically.
27. Movie: Fame
Genre: Drama, Music, Musical
Description: A chronicle of the lives of several teenagers who attend a New York high school for students gifted in the performing arts.
28. Movie: The Gods Must Be Crazy
Genre: Comedy
Description: A comic allegory about a traveling Bushman who encounters modern civilization and its stranger aspects, including a clumsy scientist and a band of revolutionaries.
29. Movie: The Changeling
Genre: Horror
Description: A man staying at a secluded historical mansion finds himself being haunted by the presence of a spectre.
30. Movie: Somewhere in Time
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A Chicago playwright uses self-hypnosis to travel back in time and meet the actress whose vintage portrait hangs in a grand hotel.
31. Movie: American Gigolo
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A Los Angeles male escort, who mostly caters to an older female clientle, is accused of a murder which he did not commit.
32. Movie: Smokey and the Bandit II
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: The Bandit goes on another cross-country run, transporting an elephant from Florida to Texas. And, once again, Sheriff Buford T. Justice is on his tail.
33. Movie: The Big Red One
Genre: Drama, War
Description: The story of a sergeant and the inner core members of his unit as they try to serve in and survive World War II.
34. Movie: The Final Countdown
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: A modern aircraft carrier is thrown back in time to 1941 near Hawaii, just hours before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
35. Movie: Kagemusha
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: A petty thief with an utter resemblance to a samurai warlord is hired as the lord's double. When the warlord later dies the thief is forced to take up arms in his place.
36. Movie: Motel Hell
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Thriller
Description: A seemingly friendly farmer and his sister kidnap unsuspecting travelers and bury them alive, using them to create the "special ingredient" of their famous roadside fritters.
37. Movie: Prom Night
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A masked killer stalks four teenagers, responsible for the accidental death of a little girl six years earlier, at their high school's senior prom.
38. Movie: The Watcher in the Woods
Genre: Family, Horror, Mystery
Description: When a family moves to a country home, the young girls experience strange happenings that have a link to an occult event years past.
39. Movie: Any Which Way You Can
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: Philo takes part in a bare knuckle fight - as he does - to make some more money than he can earn from his car repair business. He decides to retire from fighting, but when the Mafia come ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Stardust Memories
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: While attending a retrospective of his work, a filmmaker recalls his life and his loves: the inspirations for his films.
41. Movie: Saturn 3
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Two lovers stationed at a remote base in the asteroid fields of Saturn are intruded upon by a retentive technocrat from Earth and his charge: a malevolent 8-ft robot. Remember, in space no one can hear you scream.
42. Movie: Coal Miner's Daughter
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: Biographical story ofLoretta Lynn, a legendary country singer that came from poverty to worldwide fame. She rose from humble beginnings in Kentucky to superstardom and changing the sound and style of country music forever.
43. Movie: Private Benjamin
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: A sheltered young high society woman joins the United States Army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected.
44. Movie: Battle Beyond the Stars
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A young farmer sets out to recruit mercenaries to defend his peaceful planet, which is under threat of invasion by the evil tyrant Sador and his armada of aggressors.
45. Movie: Little Darlings
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Two fifteen year-old girls from different sides of the tracks compete to see who will be first to lose their virginity while at camp.
46. Movie: The Long Good Friday
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Harold, a prosperous English gangster, is about to close a lucrative new deal when bombs start showing up in very inconvenient places. A mysterious syndicate is trying to muscle in on his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: My Bodyguard
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: When a boy comes to a new school and gets harassed by a bully, he acquires the services of the school's most feared kid as a bodyguard.
48. Movie: Used Cars
Genre: Comedy
Description: When the owner of a struggling used car lot is killed, it's up to the lot's hot-shot salesman to save the property from falling into the hands of the owner's ruthless brother and used-car rival.
49. Movie: Foxes
Genre: Drama
Description: A group of four teenage girls come of age in the asphalt desert of Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley arranged with a blazing soundtrack and endless drinking, drugs and sex.
50. Movie: Mangiati vivi!
Genre: Adventure, Horror
Description: A young woman teams up with an adventurer to find her missing sister in the jungles of New Guinea and they stumble upon a religious cult led by a deranged preacher whom has located his commune in an area inhabited by cannibals.
