Most Popular Feature Films Released 1982-01-01 to 1982-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Blade Runner
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A blade runner must pursue and try to terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
2. Movie: E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
Genre: Family, Sci-Fi
Description: A troubled child summons the courage to help a friendly alien escape Earth and return to his home world.
3. Movie: Annie
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A young orphan girl's adventures in finding a family that will take her.
4. Movie: Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A group of Southern California high school students are enjoying their most important subjects: sex, drugs and rock n' roll.
5. Movie: The Thing
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A research facility in Antarctica comes across an alien force that can become anything it touches with 100% accuracy. The members must now find out who's human and who's not before it's too late.
6. Movie: Conan the Barbarian
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A barbarian warrior sets off to avenge his parents and his tribe whom were slain by an evil sorcerer and his henchmen when he was a boy.
7. Movie: Poltergeist
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: A family's home is haunted by a host of ghosts.
8. Movie: First Blood
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Former Green Beret John Rambo is pursued into the mountains surrounding a small town by a tyrannical sheriff and his deputies, forcing him to survive using his combat skills.
9. Movie: Gandhi
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Gandhi's character is fully explained as a man of nonviolence. Through his patience, he is able to drive the British out of the subcontinent. And the stubborn nature of Jinnah and his commitment towards Pakistan is portrayed.
10. Movie: An Officer and a Gentleman
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young man must complete his work at a Navy Flight school to become an aviator, with the help of a tough gunnery sergeant and his new girlfriend.
11. Movie: TRON
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A computer hacker is abducted into the digital world and forced to participate in gladiatorial games where his only chance of escape is with the help of a heroic security program.
12. Movie: Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: With the assistance of the Enterprise crew, Admiral Kirk must stop an old nemesis, Khan Noonien Singh, from using the life-generating Genesis Device as the ultimate weapon.
13. Movie: Tootsie
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Michael Dorsey, an unsuccessful actor, disguises himself as a woman in order to get a role on a trashy hospital soap.
14. Movie: Friday the 13th Part III
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Having revived from his wound, Jason Voorhees; now donning a new appearance, refuges at a cabin near Crystal Lake. As a group of co-eds reside there for their vacation, Jason continues his spree.
15. Movie: Sophie's Choice
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After spending time with his new neighbors, an aspiring writer realizes they are harboring deep secrets that will forever change him.
16. Movie: 48 Hrs.
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise-cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him, in order to track down a killer.
17. Movie: The Dark Crystal
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal, and so restore order to his world.
18. Movie: Pink Floyd: The Wall
Genre: Animation, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A confined but troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone.
19. Movie: Grease 2
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: An English student at a 1960's American high school has to prove himself to the leader of a girls' gang whose members can only date greasers.
20. Movie: Rocky III
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: After winning the ultimate title and being the world champion, Rocky falls into a hole and finds himself picked up by a former enemy.
21. Movie: The King of Comedy
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Aspiring comic Rupert Pupkin attempts to achieve success in show business by stalking his idol, a late night talk-show host who craves his own privacy.
22. Movie: The World According to Garp
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Based on the John Irving novel, this film chronicles the life of T S Garp, and his mother, Jenny. Whilst Garp sees himself as a "serious" writer, Jenny writes a feminist manifesto at an ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: The Beastmaster
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A sword-and-sorcery fantasy about a young man's search for revenge. Armed with supernatural powers, the handsome hero and his animal allies wage war against marauding forces.
24. Movie: Swamp Thing
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: After a violent incident with a special chemical, a research scientist is turned into a swamp plant monster.
25. Movie: The Verdict
Genre: Drama
Description: A lawyer sees the chance to salvage his career and self-respect by taking a medical malpractice case to trial rather than settling.
26. Movie: The Man from Snowy River
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: In 1880s Australia when young Jim Craig's father dies Jim takes a job at the Harrison cattle ranch and he is forced to become a man.
27. Movie: Creepshow
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: An anthology which tells five terrifying tales based on the E.C. horror comic books of the 1950s.
28. Movie: Airplane II: The Sequel
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: A faulty computer causes a passenger space shuttle to head straight for the Sun. Can Ted Striker save the day and get the shuttle back on track - again?
29. Movie: The Secret of NIMH
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: To save her ill son, a field mouse must seek the aid of a colony of rats, with whom she has a deeper link than she ever suspected.
30. Movie: The Last Unicorn
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: A brave unicorn and a magician fight an evil king who is obsessed with attempting to capture the world's unicorns.
31. Movie: Night Shift
Genre: Comedy
Description: A morgue attendant is talked into running a brothel at his workplace after a deceased pimp is sent there. However, the pimp's killers don't look too kindly on this new 'business', nor does the morgue's owner.
32. Movie: The Year of Living Dangerously
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A young Australian reporter tries to navigate the political turmoil of Indonesia during the rule of President Sukarno with the help of a diminutive photographer.
33. Movie: Zapped!
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: A high school science nerd gains telekinetic powers after a laboratory accident and uses them for revenge upon bullies.
34. Movie: Fanny och Alexander
Genre: Drama
Description: Two young Swedish children experience the many comedies and tragedies of their family, the Ekdahls.
35. Movie: The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A town's sheriff and regular patron of a historical whorehouse fights to keep it running when a TV reporter targets it as the Devil's playhouse.
36. Movie: Cat People
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: A young woman's sexual awakening brings horror when she discovers her urges transform her into a monstrous black leopard.
37. Movie: Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Film noir parody with a detective uncovering a sinister plot. Characters from real noirs appear as scenes from various films are intercut.
38. Movie: Fitzcarraldo
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: The story of Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald, an extremely determined man who intends to build an opera house in the middle of a jungle.
39. Movie: The Toy
Genre: Comedy
Description: An underemployed reporter finds himself literally purchased as a toy for a rich spoiled brat.
40. Movie: The Pirate Movie
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: The crew of a large ship sail the high seas encountering other pirates from other ships. The boy from the ship ends up having to save his girlfriend who is kidnapped by a bunch of other pirates.
41. Movie: Halloween III: Season of the Witch
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: Kids all over America want Silver Shamrock masks for Halloween. Doctor Daniel Challis seeks to uncover a plot by Silver Shamrock owner Conal Cochran.
42. Movie: The Last American Virgin
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The friendship of a group of young friends struggling with teen sex, drugs, and work is jeopardized by a romantic interest which may turn pals into bitter rivals.
43. Movie: Basket Case
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A young man carrying a big basket that contains his extremely deformed Siamese-twin brother seeks vengeance on the doctors who separated them against their will.
44. Movie: Diner
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A group of college-age buddies struggle with their imminent passage into adulthood in 1959 Baltimore.
45. Movie: The Entity
Genre: Biography, Drama, Horror
Description: Supposedly based partially on a true story, a woman is tormented and sexually molested by an invisible demon.
46. Movie: Death Wish II
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Architect Paul Kersey once again becomes a vigilante when he tries to find the five street punks who murdered his daughter and housekeeper, this time on the dark streets of Los Angeles.
47. Movie: Victor Victoria
Genre: Comedy, Music, Musical
Description: A struggling female soprano finds work playing a male female impersonator, but it complicates her personal life.
48. Movie: Paradise
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Description: In the Victorian period, two teenagers, David and Sarah, travel with a caravan from Baghdad to Damascus. At an oasis, the white slave agent known as the Jackal raids them, mainly to add the...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Firefox
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: A pilot is sent into the Soviet Union on a mission to steal a prototype jet fighter that can be partially controlled by a neuralink
50. Movie: Still of the Night
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A Manhattan psychiatrist probes a patient's murder and falls for the victim's mysterious mistress.
