Most Popular Feature Films Released 1957-01-01 to 1957-12-31 : 
1. Movie: 12 Angry Men
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.
2. Movie: A Face in the Crowd
Genre: Drama
Description: An Arkansas drifter becomes an overnight media sensation. As he becomes drunk with fame and power, will he ever be exposed as the fraud he has become?
3. Movie: Jailhouse Rock
Genre: Drama, Music, Musical
Description: After serving time for manslaughter, young Vince Everett becomes a teenage rock star.
4. Movie: Sweet Smell of Success
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Powerful but unethical Broadway columnist J.J. Hunsecker coerces unscrupulous press agent Sidney Falco into breaking up his sister's romance with a jazz musician.
5. Movie: Paths of Glory
Genre: Drama, War
Description: After refusing to attack an enemy position, a general accuses the soldiers of cowardice and their commanding officer must defend them.
6. Movie: Det sjunde inseglet
Genre: Drama, Fantasy
Description: A man seeks answers about life, death, and the existence of God as he plays chess against the Grim Reaper during the Black Plague.
7. Movie: The Bridge on the River Kwai
Genre: Adventure, Drama, War
Description: After settling his differences with a Japanese PoW camp commander, a British colonel co-operates to oversee his men's construction of a railway bridge for their captors - while oblivious to a plan by the Allies to destroy it.
8. Movie: Witness for the Prosecution
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
9. Movie: The Tarnished Angels
Genre: Drama
Description: Story of a friendship between an eccentric journalist and a daredevil barnstorming pilot.
10. Movie: Funny Face
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: An impromptu fashion shoot at a book store brings about a new fashion model discovery in the shop clerk.
11. Movie: An Affair to Remember
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A couple falls in love and agrees to meet in six months at the Empire State Building - but will it happen?
12. Movie: Legend of the Lost
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: American ne'er-do-well Joe January is hired to take Paul Bonnard on an expedition into the desert in search of treasure.
13. Movie: Old Yeller
Genre: Family, Drama, Adventure
Description: A teenage boy grows to love a stray yellow dog while helping his mother and younger brother run their Texas homestead while their father is away on a cattle drive. First thought to be good-for-nothing mutt, Old Yeller is soon beloved by all.
14. Movie: Smultronstället
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After living a life marked by coldness, an aging professor is forced to confront the emptiness of his existence.
15. Movie: Spook Chasers
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Horror
Description: The gang gets stuck during a thunderstorm in a spooky mansion, where they run into ghosts, gorillas and various "apparitions."
16. Movie: 3:10 to Yuma
Genre: Drama, Thriller, Western
Description: Broke small-time rancher Dan Evans is hired by the stagecoach line to put big-time captured outlaw leader Ben Wade on the 3:10 train to Yuma but Wade's gang tries to free him.
17. Movie: Tammy and the Bachelor
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: An unsophisticated young woman from the Mississippi swamps falls in love with an unconventional southern gentleman.
18. Movie: Gunfight at the O.K. Corral
Genre: Biography, Drama, Western
Description: Lawman Wyatt Earp and outlaw Doc Holliday form an unlikely alliance which culminates in their participation in the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
19. Movie: The Abominable Snowman
Genre: Adventure, Horror
Description: A kindly English botanist and a gruff American scientist lead an expedition to the Himalayas in search of the legendary Yeti.
20. Movie: 20 Million Miles to Earth
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: The first U.S. spaceship to Venus crash-lands off the coast of Sicily on its return trip. A dangerous, lizard-like creature comes with it and quickly grows gigantic.
21. Movie: The Tin Star
Genre: Western
Description: A cynical former sheriff turned bounty hunter helps a young, recently appointed acting sheriff with his advice, his experience and his gun.
22. Movie: The Guns of Fort Petticoat
Genre: Action, Romance, War
Description: Union Army deserter, Lt. Hewitt, trains a rag tag band of all-female homesteaders to defend themselves against a Comanche tribe on the warpath.
23. Movie: Kumonosu-jô
Genre: Drama
Description: A war-hardened general, egged on by his ambitious wife, works to fulfill a prophecy that he would become lord of Spider's Web Castle.
24. Movie: Le notti di Cabiria
Genre: Drama
Description: A waifish prostitute wanders the streets of Rome looking for true love but finds only heartbreak.
25. Movie: Yangtse Incident: The Story of H.M.S. Amethyst
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: In 1949, during the Chinese Civil War, British warship H.M.S. Amethyst sails up the Yangtse river but on the return trip finds its way blocked by a barrage fire from the Communist Chinese shore batteries.
26. Movie: Night Passage
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A fired railroad man is rehired and trusted to carry a 10,000 dollar payroll in secret, even though he is suspected of being connected to outlaws.
27. Movie: The Prince and the Showgirl
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: An American showgirl becomes entangled in political intrigue when the prince regent of a foreign country attempts to seduce her.
28. Movie: Love in the Afternoon
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: A middle-aged playboy becomes fascinated by the daughter of a private detective who has been hired to entrap him with the wife of a client.
29. Movie: The Good Companions
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A touring variety troupe, the "Dinky Doos" are in financial trouble. An encounter with three strangers - Inigo Jollifant (a romantic, song-writing ex-schoolmaster), Miss Trant (a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: The Three Faces of Eve
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: A doctor treats a woman suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder.
31. Movie: Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A marine and a nun form an unlikely friendship. The marine is shipwrecked on a Pacific island and the nun has been left behind there; they find comfort in one another as the two wait out the war.
32. Movie: The Incredible Shrinking Man
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: When Scott Carey begins to shrink because of exposure to a combination of radiation and insecticide, medical science is powerless to help him.
33. Movie: Sayonara
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A US air force major in Kobe confronts his own opposition to marriages between American servicemen and Japanese women when he falls for a beautiful performer.
34. Movie: Peyton Place
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A peaceful New England town hides secrets and scandals.
35. Movie: Lucky Jim
Genre: Comedy
Description: Jim Dixon feels anything but lucky. At the university he has to do the bidding of absent-minded and boring Professor Welch to have any hope of keeping his job. Worse, he has managed to get ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: The Curse of Frankenstein
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Victor Frankenstein builds a creature and brings it to life, but it behaves not as he intended.
37. Movie: The Enemy Below
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: During World War II, an American destroyer meets a German U-Boat. Both captains are experts, and so begins a deadly game of cat-and-mouse.
38. Movie: Night of the Demon
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery
Description: American professor John Holden arrives in London for a parapsychology conference, only to find himself investigating the mysterious actions of Devil-worshiper Julian Karswell.
39. Movie: A King in New York
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A recently-deposed European monarch seeks shelter in New York City, where he becomes an accidental television celebrity and is later wrongly accused of being a Communist.
40. Movie: Desk Set
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Two extremely strong personalities clash over the computerization of a television network's research department.
41. Movie: Boy on a Dolphin
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A woman finds a treasure and is torn between two men: one who wants to sell it and one who wants to gift it to Greece.
42. Movie: Silk Stockings
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A musical remake of Ninotchka: After three bumbling Soviet agents fail in their mission to retrieve a straying Soviet composer from Paris, the beautiful, ultra-serious Ninotchka is sent to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Raintree County
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A graduating poet/teacher falls in love with a Southern woman, and then the Civil War and her past create problems.
44. Movie: The Pajama Game
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: An Iowa pajama factory worker falls in love with an affable superintendent who had been hired by the factory's boss to help oppose the workers' demand for a pay rise.
45. Movie: Forty Guns
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Showdown in Arizona between the Bonnell brothers, U.S.Marshals, and Jessica Drummond, the iron-fist rancher who controls the territory.
46. Movie: The Smallest Show on Earth
Genre: Comedy
Description: A young couple inherits a debt-ridden old movie theater, appropriately nicknamed "The Flea Pit," and the three eccentric senior citizens who work there.
47. Movie: Pal Joey
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: Joey Evans is charming, handsome, funny, talented, and a first class, A-number-one heel. When Joey meets the former chorus girl ("She used to be 'Vera...with the Vanishing Veils'") and now ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Sun Also Rises
Genre: Drama
Description: A group of disillusioned American expatriate writers live a dissolute, hedonistic lifestyle in 1920's France and Spain.
49. Movie: The Truth About Women
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A man recalls his relationships with the women he loved as he tries to help another man try to understand them as well.
50. Movie: Zero Hour!
Genre: Thriller, Drama
Description: A routine flight turns into a major emergency as passengers and crew succumb to food poisoning - is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane? If that sounds vaguely familiar, it's...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
