Most Popular Feature Films Released 1974-01-01 to 1974-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Godfather: Part II
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York is portrayed while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
2. Movie: Chinatown
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption and murder.
3. Movie: Blazing Saddles
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: In order to ruin a western town, a corrupt politician appoints a black sheriff, who promptly becomes his most formidable adversary.
4. Movie: Young Frankenstein
Genre: Comedy
Description: An American grandson of the infamous scientist, struggling to prove that he is not as insane as people believe, is invited to Transylvania, where he discovers the process that reanimates a dead body.
5. Movie: The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
Genre: Horror
Description: Two siblings visit their grandfather's grave in Texas along with three of their friends and are attacked by a family of cannibalistic psychopaths.
6. Movie: Black Christmas
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: During their Christmas break, a group of sorority girls are stalked by a stranger.
7. Movie: The Great Gatsby
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A Midwesterner becomes fascinated with his nouveau riche neighbor, who obsesses over his lost love.
8. Movie: Earthquake
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: Various interconnected people struggle to survive when an earthquake of unimaginable magnitude hits Los Angeles.
9. Movie: Death Wish
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A New York City architect becomes a one-man vigilante squad after his wife is murdered by street punks in which he randomly goes out and kills would-be muggers on the mean streets after dark.
10. Movie: The Longest Yard
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: A sadistic warden asks a former pro quarterback, now serving time in his prison, to put together a team of inmates to take on (and get pummeled by) the guards.
11. Movie: Murder on the Orient Express
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In December 1935, when his train is stopped by deep snow, detective Hercule Poirot is called on to solve a murder that occurred in his car the night before.
12. Movie: The Conversation
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A paranoid, secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that a couple he is spying on will be murdered.
13. Movie: The Towering Inferno
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: At the opening party of a colossal, but poorly constructed, office building, a massive fire breaks out that threatens to destroy the tower and everyone in it.
14. Movie: Zardoz
Genre: Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: In the distant future, a savage trained only to kill finds a way into the community of bored immortals that alone preserves humanity's achievements.
15. Movie: The Man with the Golden Gun
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond is led to believe that he is targeted by the world's most expensive assassin while he attempts to recover sensitive solar cell technology that is being sold to the highest bidder.
16. Movie: Dark Star
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: In the far reaches of space, a small crew, 20 years into their solitary mission, find things beginning to go hilariously wrong.
17. Movie: Gone in 60 Seconds
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Insurance investigator Maindrian Pace and his team lead double-lives as unstoppable car thieves. When a South American drug lord pays Pace to steal 48 cars for him, all but one, a 1973 Ford...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: Il portiere di notte
Genre: Drama
Description: After a chance meeting at a hotel in 1957, a Holocaust survivor and the Nazi officer who tortured her resume their sadomasochistic relationship.
19. Movie: The Taking of Pelham One Two Three
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: In New York, armed men hijack a subway car and demand a ransom for the passengers. Even if it's paid, how could they get away?
20. Movie: A Woman Under the Influence
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Mabel, a wife and mother, is loved by her husband Nick but her madness proves to be a problem in the marriage. The film transpires to a positive role of madness in the family, challenging conventional representations of madness in cinema.
21. Movie: Le scomunicate di San Valentino
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: Lucita has been locked away in a convent by her family in order to keep her away from her lover, Esteban. The pair make plans to elope, but Esteban is accused of heresy before Lucita can ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: Thunderbolt and Lightfoot
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: With the help of an irreverent young sidekick, a bank robber gets his old gang back together to organize a daring new heist.
23. Movie: Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A recently widowed woman is on the road with her precocious young son, determined to make a new life for herself as a singer.
24. Movie: Emmanuelle
Genre: Drama
Description: The wife of a French diplomat in Bangkok, Emmanuelle embarks on a voyage of sexual discovery.
25. Movie: Dirty Mary Crazy Larry
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Larry Rayder is an aspiring NASCAR driver, Deke Sommers is mechanic. As they feel they collectively are the best, the only thing that is holding them back is money to build the best vehicle...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: Foxy Brown
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: A voluptuous black woman takes a job as a high-class prostitute in order to get revenge on the mobsters who murdered her boyfriend.
27. Movie: Airport 1975
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A 747 in flight collides with a small plane, and is rendered pilotless. Somehow the control tower must get a pilot aboard so the jet can land.
28. Movie: Mr. Majestyk
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A melon farmer battles organized crime and a hit man who wants to kill him.
29. Movie: Il fiore delle mille e una notte
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: In this film inspired by the ancient erotic and mysterious tales of Mid-West Asia, the main story concerns an innocent young man who comes to fall in love with a slave who selected him as ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Phantom of the Paradise
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A disfigured composer sells his soul for the woman he loves so that she will perform his music. However, an evil record tycoon betrays him and steals his music to open his rock palace, The Paradise.
31. Movie: Flesh Gordon
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: Emperor Wang (the Perverted) is leader of the planet Porno and sends his mighty "Sex Ray" towards Earth, turning everyone into sex-mad fiends. Only one man can save the Earth, football ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: An American bartender and his prostitute girlfriend go on a road trip through the Mexican underworld to collect a $1 million bounty on the head of a dead gigolo.
33. Movie: Deranged
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller
Description: Based on the Ed Gein case, a deranged rural farmer becomes a grave robber and murderer after the death of his possessive mother, whose corpse he keeps (among others) as his companion in a decaying farmhouse.
34. Movie: Lenny
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The story of acerbic 1960s comicLenny Bruce, whose groundbreaking, no-holds-barred style and social commentary was often deemed by the Establishment as too obscene for the public.
35. Movie: The Sugarland Express
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A woman attempts to reunite her family by helping her husband escape prison and together kidnapping their son. But things don't go as planned when they are forced to take a police hostage on the road.
36. Movie: The Parallax View
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: An ambitious reporter gets in way-over-his-head trouble while investigating a senator's assassination which leads to a vast conspiracy involving a multinational corporation behind every event in the world's headlines.
37. Movie: The Marseille Contract
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: When a US intelligence agent is unable to bring a ruthless drug baron to justice, he resorts to hiring a contract killer. But the man he is put in contact with turns out to be an old friend.
38. Movie: The Front Page
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: As a tabloid newspaper editor tries to prevent his top reporter from retiring, an escaped death row convict shows up at the office trying to convey his innocence.
39. Movie: The Swinging Cheerleaders
Genre: Action, Comedy, Drama
Description: In order to write an expose on how cheerleading demeans women, a reporter for a college newspaper infiltrates the cheerleading squad.
40. Movie: The Lords of Flatbush
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A group of kids in Brooklyn form a gang. From this moment on they do everything together. This makes things easier but at the same time they have to face new problems.
41. Movie: The Land That Time Forgot
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: During World War I, a German U-boat sinks a British ship and takes the survivors on board. After it takes a wrong turn, the submarine takes them to the unknown land of Caprona, where they ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Juggernaut
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A blackmailer demands a huge ransom in exchange for information on how to disarm the seven bombs he placed aboard the transatlantic liner Britannic.
43. Movie: The Teacher
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: 18-year-old Sean's first summer after completing high school is much spent with 28-year-old teacher Diane, whose husband is too often motorcycle-racing instead of with her. Wacko Ralph also...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Conrack
Genre: Drama
Description: White Pat Conroy was born and raised in Beaufort, South Carolina. In March, 1969 under the Beaufort School District, he starts a job teaching at a small poor school located on Daufuskie ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Where the Red Fern Grows
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: Where the Red Fern Grows is the heartwarming and adventurous tale for all ages about a young boy and his quest for his own red-bone hound hunting dogs.
46. Movie: Madhouse
Genre: Crime, Horror, Mystery
Description: A horror movie star returns to his famous role after years in a mental institution. But the character seems to be committing murders independent of his will.
47. Movie: The Odessa File
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Following the suicide of an elderly Jewish man, a journalist in possession of the man's diary investigates the alleged sighting of a former SS captain, who allegedly commanded a concentration camp during WWII.
48. Movie: The Little Prince
Genre: Family, Fantasy, Musical
Description: A pilot, stranded in the desert, meets a little boy who is a prince on a planet.
49. Movie: The Nickel Ride
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Small-time criminal Cooper manages several warehouses in Los Angeles that the mob use to stash their stolen goods. Known as "the key man" for the key chain he always keeps on his person ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The Yakuza
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Harry Kilmer returns to Japan after several years in order to rescue his friend George's kidnapped daughter - and ends up on the wrong side of the Yakuza, the notorious Japanese mafia...
