Most Popular Feature Films Released 1990-01-01 to 1990-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Goodfellas
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Henry Hill and his friends work their way up through the mob hierarchy.
2. Movie: Home Alone
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: An 8-year old troublemaker must protect his home from a pair of burglars when he is accidentally left home alone by his family during Christmas vacation.
3. Movie: Edward Scissorhands
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A gentle man, with scissors for hands, is brought into a new community after living in isolation.
4. Movie: Kindergarten Cop
Genre: Comedy
Description: A tough cop must pose as a kindergarten teacher in order to locate a dangerous criminal's ex-wife, who may hold the key to putting him behind bars.
5. Movie: The Godfather: Part III
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in New York and Italy in 1979, aging Mafia don Michael Corleone seeks to avow for his sins while taking a young protg under his wing.
6. Movie: Pretty Woman
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A man in a legal but hurtful business needs an escort for some social events, and hires a beautiful prostitute he meets... only to fall in love.
7. Movie: Dances with Wolves
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Western
Description: Lt. John Dunbar, exiled to a remote western Civil War outpost, befriends wolves and Indians, making him an intolerable aberration in the military.
8. Movie: The Hunt for Red October
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the USA. Is he trying to defect or to start a war?
9. Movie: Total Recall
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: When a man goes for virtual vacation memories of the planet Mars, an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or does he?
10. Movie: Misery
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: After a famous author is rescued from a car crash by a fan of his novels, he comes to realize that the care he is receiving is only the beginning of a nightmare of captivity and abuse.
11. Movie: Back to the Future Part III
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Enjoying a peaceable existence in 1885, Doctor Emmet Brown is about to be killed by Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen. Marty McFly travels back in time to save his friend.
12. Movie: Tremors
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: Natives of a small isolated town defend themselves against strange underground creatures which are killing them one by one.
13. Movie: Postcards from the Edge
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A substance-addicted actress tries to look on the bright side even as she is forced to move back in with her mother to avoid unemployment.
14. Movie: Ghost
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: After a young man is murdered, his spirit stays behind to warn his lover of impending danger, with the help of a reluctant psychic.
15. Movie: Awakenings
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The victims of an encephalitis epidemic many years ago have been catatonic ever since, but now a new drug offers the prospect of reviving them.
16. Movie: Cry-Baby
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: In 1950s Baltimore, a bad boy with a heart of gold wins the love of a good girl, whose boyfriend sets out for revenge.
17. Movie: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Four teenage mutant ninja turtles emerge from the shadows to protect New York City from a gang of criminal ninjas.
18. Movie: Lord of the Flies
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Description: Stranded on an island, a group of schoolboys degenerate into savagery.
19. Movie: Jacob's Ladder
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: Mourning his dead child, a haunted Vietnam War veteran attempts to discover his past while suffering from a severe case of dissociation. To do so, he must decipher reality and life from his own dreams, delusion, and perception of death.
20. Movie: Die Hard 2
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: John McClane attempts to avert disaster as rogue military operatives seize control of Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C.
21. Movie: Wild at Heart
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Drama
Description: Young lovers Sailor and Lula run from the variety of weirdos that Lula's mom has hired to kill Sailor.
22. Movie: Predator 2
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Amidst a territorial gang war in 1997, a sophisticated alien hunter stalks the citizens of Los Angeles and the only man between him and his prey is veteran L.A.P.D. officer, Lieutenant Mike Harrigan.
23. Movie: Problem Child
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: A young boy is just short of a monster. He is adopted by a loving man and his wacky wife. The laughs keep coming as the boy pushes them to the limits.
24. Movie: Mermaids
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An unconventional single mother relocates with her two daughters to a small Massachusetts town in 1963, where a number of events and relationships both challenge and strengthen their familial bonds.
25. Movie: The Witches
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A young boy stumbles onto a witch convention and must stop them, even after he has been turned into a mouse.
26. Movie: Dick Tracy
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob.
27. Movie: Miller's Crossing
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Tom Regan, an advisor to a Prohibition-era crime boss, tries to keep the peace between warring mobs but gets caught in divided loyalties.
28. Movie: Frankenhooker
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A medical student sets out to recreate his decapitated fiance by building her a new body made of Manhattan street prostitutes.
29. Movie: Rocky V
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: Reluctantly retired from boxing, and back from riches to rags, Rocky takes on a new protege who betrays him, as the champ's son must adjust to his family's new life after bankruptcy.
30. Movie: Troll 2
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A family vacationing in a small town discovers the entire town is inhabited by goblins in disguise as humans, who plan to eat them.
31. Movie: The Handmaid's Tale
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: In a dystopicly polluted rightwing religious tyranny, a young woman is put in sexual slavery on account of her now rare fertility.
32. Movie: Another 48 Hrs.
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Jack Cates once again enlists the aid of ex-con Reggie Hammond--this time, to take down The Iceman, a ruthless drug lord operating in the San Francisco bay area.
33. Movie: The Exorcist III
Genre: Drama, Horror, Mystery
Description: A police lieutenant uncovers more than he bargained for as his investigation of a series of murders, which have all the hallmarks of the deceased 'Gemini' serial killer, lead him to question the patients of a psychiatric ward.
34. Movie: Quigley Down Under
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Sharpshooter Matt Quigley is hired from Wyoming by an Australian rancher paying a very high price. But when Quigley arrives Down Under, all is not as it seems.
35. Movie: Gremlins 2: The New Batch
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: The Gremlins are back, and this time, they've taken total control over the building of a media mogul.
36. Movie: RoboCop 2
Genre: Action, Crime, Sci-Fi
Description: Cyborg law enforcer RoboCop returns to protect the citizens of old Detroit but faces a deadly challenge when a rogue OCP member secretly creates a new, evil RoboCop 2.
37. Movie: Days of Thunder
Genre: Action, Drama, Sport
Description: A young hot-shot stock car driver gets his chance to compete at the top level.
38. Movie: Presumed Innocent
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: Carolyn Polhemus, an up-and-comer in the Kindle County D.A.'s Office, is found viciously murdered in her home. Immediately her boss, D.A. Raymond Horgan and his chief deputy, Rusty Sabich ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Flatliners
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Four Medical students experiment on "near death" experiences that involve past tragedies until the dark consequences begin to jeopardize their lives.
40. Movie: The Neverending Story II: The Next Chapter
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: A young boy with a distant father enters a world of make-believe and magic through a portal within an antique book.
41. Movie: Ski School
Genre: Comedy
Description: Rival groups in a skiing school do battle on and off the piste. One gang are rich and serious, the other group are party animals.
42. Movie: Nikita
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: Convicted felon Nikita, instead of going to jail, is given a new identity and trained, stylishly, as a top secret spy/assassin.
43. Movie: Revenge
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Michael "Jay" Cochran has just left the Navy after 12 years. He's not quite sure what he's going to do, except that he knows he wants a holiday. He decides to visit Tiburon Mendez, a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Darkman
Genre: Action, Crime, Fantasy
Description: A brilliant scientist left for dead returns to exact revenge on the people who burned him alive.
45. Movie: Graveyard Shift
Genre: Horror
Description: In a very old textile mill with a serious rat infestation, the workers discover a horrifying secret deep in the basement.
46. Movie: Nightbreed
Genre: Action, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A troubled young man is drawn to a mythical place called Midian where a variety of monsters are hiding from humanity.
47. Movie: Taking Care of Business
Genre: Comedy
Description: An uptight advertising exec has his entire life in a filofax organizer which mistakenly ends up in the hands of a friendly convict who poses as him.
48. Movie: State of Grace
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Terry Noonan returns home to New York's Hells Kitchen after a ten year absence. He soon hooks up with childhood pal Jackie who is involved in the Irish mob run by his brother Frankie. Terry...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Child's Play 2
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: While Andy's mother is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, the young boy is placed in foster care, and Chucky, determined to claim Andy's soul, is not far behind.
50. Movie: Henry &amp; June
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: In 1931 Paris, Anais Nin meets Henry Miller and his wife June. Intrigued by them both, she begins expanding her sexual horizons with her husband Hugo as well as with Henry and others. June ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
