Most Popular Feature Films Released 1967-01-01 to 1967-12-31 : 
1. Movie: In the Heat of the Night
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: An African American police detective is asked to investigate a murder in a racially hostile southern town.
2. Movie: The Graduate
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A disillusioned college graduate finds himself torn between his older lover and her daughter.
3. Movie: El Dorado
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: Cole Thornton, a gunfighter for hire, joins forces with an old friend, Sheriff J.P. Hara. Together with an old Indian fighter and a gambler, they help a rancher and his family fight a rival rancher that is trying to steal their water.
4. Movie: The Jungle Book
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: Bagheera the Panther and Baloo the Bear have a difficult time trying to convince a boy to leave the jungle for human civilization.
5. Movie: Cool Hand Luke
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A man refuses to conform to life in a rural prison.
6. Movie: Bonnie and Clyde
Genre: Action, Biography, Crime
Description: Bonnie Parker, a bored waitress falls in love with an ex-con named Clyde Barrow and together they start a violent crime spree through the country, robbing cars and banks.
7. Movie: Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A couple's attitudes are challenged when their daughter introduces them to her African American fianc.
8. Movie: The Dirty Dozen
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: During World War II, a rebellious U.S. Army Major is assigned a dozen convicted murderers to train and lead them into a mass assassination mission of German officers.
9. Movie: Casino Royale
Genre: Comedy
Description: In an early spy spoof, aging Sir James Bond comes out of retirement to take on SMERSH.
10. Movie: You Only Live Twice
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: Agent 007 and the Japanese secret service ninja force must find and stop the true culprit of a series of spacejackings before nuclear war is provoked.
11. Movie: The War Wagon
Genre: Western
Description: The story of a man who was shot, robbed and imprisoned who returns to steal a large gold shipment from the man who wronged him. The gold is transported in an armored stage coach, the War Wagon.
12. Movie: The Producers
Genre: Comedy
Description: Producers Max Bialystock and Leo Bloom make money by producing a sure-fire flop.
13. Movie: Belle de jour
Genre: Drama
Description: A frigid young housewife decides to spend her midweek afternoons as a prostitute.
14. Movie: In Cold Blood
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: After a botched robbery results in the brutal murder of a rural family, two drifters elude police, in the end coming to terms with their own mortality and the repercussions of their vile atrocity.
15. Movie: To Sir, with Love
Genre: Drama
Description: Idealistic engineer-trainee and his experiences in teaching a group of rambunctious white high school students from the slums of London's East End.
16. Movie: Valley of the Dolls
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: Film version ofJacqueline Susann's best-selling novel chronicling the rise and fall of three young women in show business.
17. Movie: Doctor Dolittle
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: After the animal communicating veterinarian goes too far for his clientle, he and his friends escape their hometown to sea in search of the Great Pink Sea Snail.
18. Movie: Two for the Road
Genre: Drama, Comedy, Romance
Description: A couple in the south of France non-sequentially spin down the highways of infidelity in their troubled ten-year marriage.
19. Movie: Dance of the Vampires
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A noted professor and his dim-witted apprentice fall prey to their inquiring vampires, while on the trail of the ominous damsel in distress.
20. Movie: Les demoiselles de Rochefort
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Two sisters leave their small seaside town of Rochefort in search of romance. Hired as carnival singers, one falls for an American musician, while the other must search for her ideal partner.
21. Movie: Wait Until Dark
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A recently blinded woman is terrorized by a trio of thugs while they search for a heroin-stuffed doll they believe is in her apartment.
22. Movie: Camelot
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Musical
Description: The story of the marriage of England's King Arthur to Guinevere. The plot of illegitimate Mordred to gain the throne and Guinevere's growing attachment to Sir Lancelot, threaten to topple Arthur and destroy his "round table" of knights.
23. Movie: Easy Come, Easy Go
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Music
Description: A frogman working for the U.S. Navy dives for buried treasure.
24. Movie: Le samouraï
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: After Professional hitman Jef Costello is seen by witnesses his efforts to provide himself an alibi drive him further in a corner.
25. Movie: I Call First
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young man struggles with the fact that his girlfriend was once raped.
26. Movie: Don't Make Waves
Genre: Comedy
Description: New York tourist Tony Curtis falls asleep on a Southern California beach on his first night in the West and wakes up to The New Phantasmagoria--catamarans, surfers (including a dog), ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
27. Movie: Thoroughly Modern Millie
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Millie comes to town in the roaring twenties to encounter flappers, sexuality and white slavers.
28. Movie: The Taming of the Shrew
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Brutish, fortune-hunting scoundrel Petruchio tames his wealthy, shrewish wife, Katharina.
29. Movie: Point Blank
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: After being double-crossed and left for dead, a mysterious man named Walker single-mindedly tries to retrieve the rather inconsequential sum of money that was stolen from him.
30. Movie: A Countess from Hong Kong
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: In Hong Kong, the wealthy Ogden Mears is traveling in a transatlantic and is near to be assigned Saudi Arabia Ambassador and is divorcing from his wife Martha. His friend Harvey and he are ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: The St. Valentine's Day Massacre
Genre: Crime, Drama, History
Description: Al Capone's Valentine Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago.
32. Movie: Barefoot in the Park
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Paul, a conservative young lawyer, marries the vivacious Corie. Their highly passionate relationship descends into comical discord in a five-flight New York City walk-up apartment.
33. Movie: Playtime
Genre: Comedy
Description: Monsieur Hulot curiously wanders around a high-tech Paris, paralleling a trip with a group of American tourists. Meanwhile, a nightclub/restaurant prepares its opening night, but it's still under construction.
34. Movie: Bedazzled
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A hapless loser sells his soul to the Devil in exchange for seven wishes, but has trouble winning over the girl of his dreams.
35. Movie: Far from the Madding Crowd
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Bathsheba Everdene, a willful, flirtatious, young woman, unexpectedly inherits a large farm and is romantically pursued by three very different men.
36. Movie: Hombre
Genre: Western
Description: John Russell, disdained by his "respectable" fellow stagecoach passengers because he was raised by Indians, becomes their only hope for survival when they are set upon by outlaws.
37. Movie: Countdown
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Desperate to reach the moon first, NASA sends a man and shelter separately, one-way. He must find it to survive; he can't return until Apollo is ready.
38. Movie: Jag är nyfiken - en film i gult
Genre: Drama
Description: Lena, aged twenty, wants to know all she can about life and reality. She collects information on everyone and everything, storing her findings in an enormous archive. She experiments with ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Dio perdona... Io no!
Genre: Western
Description: After a train is robbed of its payroll, an insurance agent and a card-shark team-up to retrieve the loot from the bandits who guard it at a secret location near the Mexican border.
40. Movie: Reflections in a Golden Eye
Genre: Drama, Romance, Thriller
Description: Bizarre tale of sex, betrayal, and perversion at a military post.
41. Movie: Tony Rome
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Tony Rome, a tough Miami PI living on a houseboat, is hired by a local millionaire to find jewelry stolen from his daughter, and in the process has several encounters with local hoods as well as the Miami Beach PD.
42. Movie: The Gnome-Mobile
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: An eccentric millionaire and his grandchildren are embroiled in the plights of some forest gnomes who are searching for the rest of their tribe. While helping them, the millionaire is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: The Trip
Genre: Drama
Description: Paul Groves (Peter Fonda), a television commercial director, is in the midst of a personality crisis. His wife Sally (Susan Strasberg) has left him and he seeks the help of his friend John ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: Quatermass and the Pit
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A mysterious artifact is unearthed in London, and famous scientist Bernard Quatermass is called into to divine its origins and explain its strange effects on people.
45. Movie: Week End
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: A supposedly idyllic week-end trip to the countryside turns into a never-ending nightmare of traffic jams, revolution, cannibalism and murder as French bourgeois society starts to collapse ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Da uomo a uomo
Genre: Western
Description: A young gunfighter plans to track down and eliminate the bandits who killed his family, and forms a tenuous alliance with an aging ex-outlaw to achieve this end.
47. Movie: The Night of the Generals
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In 1942, a Polish prostitute is murdered in Warsaw. Suspicion falls on three generals, and Major Grau of German Intelligence seeks justice despite the ongoing atrocities committed during WWII.
48. Movie: How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Armed with the titular manual, an ambitious window washer seeks to climb the corporate ladder.
49. Movie: I giorni dell'ira
Genre: Western
Description: A scruffy garbage boy becomes the pupil of a famed gunfighter, and the stage for confrontation is set when the gunman becomes unhinged and overruns the boy's town through violence and corruption.
50. Movie: Edipo re
Genre: Drama
Description: In pre-war Italy, a young couple have a baby boy. The father, however, is jealous of his son - and the scene moves to antiquity, where the baby is taken into the desert to be killed. He is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
