Most Popular Feature Films Released 2003-01-01 to 2003-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Love Actually
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Follows the lives of eight very different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set during a frantic month before Christmas in London, England.
2. Movie: The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.
3. Movie: Underworld
Genre: Action, Fantasy, Thriller
Description: Selene, a vampire warrior, is entrenched in a conflict between vampires and werewolves, while falling in love with Michael, a human who is sought by werewolves for unknown reasons.
4. Movie: Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Blacksmith Will Turner teams up with eccentric pirate "Captain" Jack Sparrow to save his love, the governor's daughter, from Jack's former pirate allies, who are now undead.
5. Movie: Finding Nemo
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home.
6. Movie: Old School
Genre: Comedy
Description: Three friends attempt to recapture their glory days by opening up a fraternity near their alma mater.
7. Movie: Oldeuboi
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days.
8. Movie: Monster
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Based on the life of Aileen Wuornos, a Daytona Beach prostitute who became a serial killer.
9. Movie: Kill Bill: Vol. 1
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: The Bride wakens from a four-year coma. The child she carried in her womb is gone. Now she must wreak vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her - a team she was once part of.
10. Movie: Cold Mountain
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: In the waning days of the American Civil War, a wounded soldier embarks on a perilous journey back home to Cold Mountain, North Carolina to reunite with his sweetheart.
11. Movie: Mystic River
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: With a childhood tragedy that overshadowed their lives, three men are reunited by circumstance when one has a family tragedy.
12. Movie: Freddy vs. Jason
Genre: Action, Horror, Thriller
Description: Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees return to terrorize the teenage population. Except this time, they're out to get each other, too.
13. Movie: How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive and ladies' man who, to win a big campaign, bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in 10 days. Andie Anderson covers the "How To" beat for "Composure" magazine and is assigned to write an article on "How to Lose a Guy in 10 days." They meet in a bar shortly after the bet is made.
14. Movie: The Cat in the Hat
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: Two bored children have their lives turned upside down when a talking cat comes to visit them.
15. Movie: Big Fish
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A frustrated son tries to determine the fact from fiction in his dying father's life.
16. Movie: The Italian Job
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: After being betrayed and left for dead in Italy, Charlie Croker and his team plan an elaborate gold heist against their former ally.
17. Movie: The Room
Genre: Drama
Description: Johnny is a successful banker who lives happily in a San Francisco townhouse with his fiance, Lisa. One day, inexplicably, she gets bored of him and decides to seduce Johnny's best friend, Mark. From there, nothing will be the same again.
18. Movie: The School of Rock
Genre: Comedy, Family, Music
Description: After being kicked out of a rock band, Dewey Finn becomes a substitute teacher of a strict elementary private school, only to try and turn it into a rock band.
19. Movie: Thirteen
Genre: Drama
Description: A thirteen-year-old girl's relationship with her mother is put to the test as she discovers drugs, sex, and petty crime in the company of her cool but troubled best friend.
20. Movie: The Dreamers
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots.
21. Movie: Lost in Translation
Genre: Drama
Description: A faded movie star and a neglected young woman form an unlikely bond after crossing paths in Tokyo.
22. Movie: The Matrix Reloaded
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: Neo and the rebel leaders estimate that they have 72 hours until 250,000 probes discover Zion and destroy it and its inhabitants. During this, Neo must decide how he can save Trinity from a dark fate in his dreams.
23. Movie: Identity
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: Stranded at a desolate Nevada motel during a nasty rain-storm, ten strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they're being killed off one by one.
24. Movie: Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A cybernetic warrior from a post-apocalyptic future travels back in time to protect a 25-year old drifter and his future wife from a most advanced robotic assassin and to ensure they both survive a nuclear attack.
25. Movie: The Last Samurai
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: An American military advisor embraces the Samurai culture he was hired to destroy after he is captured in battle.
26. Movie: Daredevil
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A man blinded by toxic waste which also enhanced his remaining senses fights crime as an acrobatic martial arts superhero.
27. Movie: X2
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The X-Men band together to find a mutant assassin who has made an attempt on the President's life, while the Mutant Academy is attacked by military forces.
28. Movie: Peter Pan
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: The Darling family children receive a visit from Peter Pan, who takes them to Never Never Land where an ongoing war with the evil Pirate Captain Hook is taking place.
29. Movie: The Matrix Revolutions
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith.
30. Movie: Bad Boys II
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida.
31. Movie: Hulk
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: Bruce Banner, a genetics researcher with a tragic past, suffers an accident that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry.
32. Movie: 2 Fast 2 Furious
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Former cop Brian O'Conner is called upon to bust a dangerous criminal and he recruits the help of a former childhood friend and street racer who has a chance to redeem himself.
33. Movie: Bruce Almighty
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A guy who complains about God too often is given almighty powers to teach him how difficult it is to run the world.
34. Movie: Final Destination 2
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next.
35. Movie: Anger Management
Genre: Comedy
Description: Dave Buznik is a businessman who is wrongly sentenced to an anger-management program, where he meets an aggressive instructor.
36. Movie: Under the Tuscan Sun
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A writer impulsively buys a villa in Tuscany in order to change her life.
37. Movie: Wrong Turn
Genre: Horror
Description: Six people find themselves trapped in the woods of West Virginia, hunted down by "cannibalistic mountain men grossly disfigured through generations of in-breeding."
38. Movie: House of 1000 Corpses
Genre: Horror
Description: Two teenage couples traveling across the backwoods of Texas searching for urban legends of murder end up as prisoners of a bizarre and sadistic backwater family of serial killers.
39. Movie: Dreamcatcher
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Friends on a camping trip discover that the town they're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space.
40. Movie: Elf
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: After inadvertently wreaking havoc on the elf community due to his ungainly size, a man raised as an elf at the North Pole is sent to the U.S. in search of his true identity.
41. Movie: The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: In an alternate Victorian Age world, a group of famous contemporary fantasy, SF and adventure characters team up on a secret mission.
42. Movie: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Genre: Horror
Description: After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a deformed chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers.
43. Movie: Paycheck
Genre: Action, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: What seemed like a breezy idea for an engineer to net him millions of dollars, leaves him on the run for his life and piecing together why he's being chased.
44. Movie: Freaky Friday
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: An overworked mother and her daughter do not get along. When they switch bodies, each is forced to adapt to the other's life for one freaky Friday.
45. Movie: Cheaper by the Dozen
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: With his wife doing a book tour, a father of twelve must handle a new job and his unstable brood.
46. Movie: Holes
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: A wrongfully convicted boy is sent to a brutal desert detention camp where he joins the job of digging holes for some mysterious reason.
47. Movie: The Recruit
Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery
Description: A brilliant young CIA trainee is asked by his mentor to help find a mole in the Agency.
48. Movie: Tears of the Sun
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A Special-Ops commander leads his team into the Nigerian jungle in order to rescue a doctor who will only join them if they agree to save 70 refugees too.
49. Movie: Daddy Day Care
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: Two men get laid off and have to become stay-at-home dads when they can't find jobs. This inspires them to open their own day-care center.
50. Movie: Dogville
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A woman on the run from the mob is reluctantly accepted in a small Colorado town. In exchange, she agrees to work for them. As a search visits town, she finds out that their support has a price. Yet her dangerous secret is never far away...
