Most Popular Feature Films Released 1932-01-01 to 1932-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Freaks
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance.
2. Movie: Scarface
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: An ambitious and near insanely violent gangster climbs the ladder of success in the mob, but his weaknesses prove to be his downfall.
3. Movie: The Mummy
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: A living mummy stalks the beautiful woman he believes is the reincarnation of his lover.
4. Movie: Tarzan the Ape Man
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: A trader and his daughter set off in search of the fabled graveyard of the elephants in deepest Africa, only to encounter a wild man raised by apes.
5. Movie: Grand Hotel
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A group of very different individuals staying at a luxurious hotel in Berlin deal with each of their respective dramas.
6. Movie: The Most Dangerous Game
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Mystery
Description: An insane hunter arranges for a ship to be wrecked on an island where he can indulge in some sort of hunting and killing of the passengers.
7. Movie: I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Wrongly convicted James Allen serves in the intolerable conditions of a southern chain gang, which later comes back to haunt him.
8. Movie: Island of Lost Souls
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: An obsessed scientist conducts profane experiments in evolution, eventually establishing himself as the self-styled demigod to a race of mutated, half-human abominations.
9. Movie: The Sign of the Cross
Genre: Drama, History
Description: A Roman soldier becomes torn between his love for a Christian woman and his loyalty to Emperor Nero.
10. Movie: Vampyr
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: A drifter obsessed with the supernatural stumbles upon an inn where a severely ill adolescent girl is slowly becoming a vampire.
11. Movie: White Zombie
Genre: Horror
Description: A young man turns to a witch doctor to lure the woman he loves away from her fianc, but instead turns her into a zombie slave.
12. Movie: A Farewell to Arms
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: An American ambulance driver and an English nurse fall in love in Italy during World War I.
13. Movie: Red Dust
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The owner of a rubber plantation becomes involved with the new wife of one of his employees.
14. Movie: Blonde Venus
Genre: Drama
Description: A cabaret singer takes up with a millionaire to pay for her gravely ill husband's operation.
15. Movie: Trouble in Paradise
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Romance
Description: A gentleman thief and a lady pickpocket join forces to con a beautiful perfume company owner. Romantic entanglements and jealousies confuse the scheme.
16. Movie: The Old Dark House
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: Seeking shelter from a storm, five travelers are in for a bizarre and terrifying night when they stumble upon the Femm family estate.
17. Movie: Hold 'Em Jail
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: Two yokels are framed and sent to prison, but wind up playing football on the warden's championship team.
18. Movie: Horse Feathers
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley University, hires bumblers Baravelli and Pinky to help his school win the big football game against rival Darwin University.
19. Movie: Red-Headed Woman
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Lil works for the Legendre Company and causes Bill to divorce Irene and marry her. She has an affair with businessman Gaerste and uses him to force society to pay attention to her. She has ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Broken Lullaby
Genre: Drama
Description: A young French soldier in World War I is overcome with guilt when he kills a German soldier who, like himself, is a musically gifted conscript, each having attended the same musical ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: The Animal Kingdom
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Tom Collier has had a great relationship with Daisy, but when he decides to marry, it is not Daisy whom he asks, it is Cecelia. After the marriage, Tom is bored with the social scene and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
22. Movie: Shanghai Express
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A loose woman rediscovers a former lover during a dangerous train ride to Shanghai.
23. Movie: Murders in the Rue Morgue
Genre: Crime, Horror, Mystery
Description: A mad scientist seeks to mingle human blood with that of an ape, and resorts to kidnapping women for his experiments.
24. Movie: Taxi!
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Independent cab drivers struggling against a taxi company consortium find a leader in Matt Nolan.
25. Movie: Three on a Match
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Although Vivian Revere is seemingly the most successful of a trio of reunited schoolmates, she throws it away by descending into a life of debauchery and drugs.
26. Movie: Love Me Tonight
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A Parisian tailor finds himself posing as a baron in order to collect a sizeable bill from an aristocrat, only to fall in love with an aloof young princess.
27. Movie: Number Seventeen
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A gang of thieves gather at a safe house following a robbery, but a detective is on their trail.
28. Movie: This Is the Night
Genre: Comedy
Description: A married woman, her husband and her lover.
29. Movie: Pack Up Your Troubles
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: The boys' Army buddy, Eddie Smith, is killed in the trenches in France, leaving his baby girl an orphan. Back home after Armistice, they try to find Eddie's father and turn the child over ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Call Her Savage
Genre: Drama
Description: Sexy Texas gal storms her way through life, brawling and boozing until her luck runs out, forcing her to learn the errors of her ways.
31. Movie: The Mask of Fu Manchu
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Englishmen race to find the tomb of Genghis Khan. They have to get there fast, as the evil genius Dr. Fu Manchu is also searching, and if he gets the mysteriously powerful relics, he and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Rain
Genre: Drama
Description: A prostitute finds redemption in Pago Pago thanks to a hard missionary man.
33. Movie: Bird of Paradise
Genre: Adventure, Romance, Drama
Description: A native girl falls for a visitor to her island, but she's chosen to be sacrificed to the volcano god.
34. Movie: Le sang d'un poète
Genre: Fantasy
Description: A young artist draws a face at a canvas on his easel. Suddenly the mouth on the drawing comes into life and starts talking. The artist tries to wipe it away with his hand, but when he looks...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Little Orphan Annie
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Daddy Warbucks has to go on a long trip, leaving Annie alone. While wandering the street, Sandy leads Annie to discover Mickey, who is crying. Mickey's grandmother recently died, and he is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Boudu sauvé des eaux
Genre: Comedy
Description: Boudu, a tramp, jumps into the Seine. He is rescued by Mr Lestingois, a gentle and good bookseller, who gives shelter to him. Mrs Lestingois and the maid Anne-Marie (Mr Lestingois' mistress...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: Thirteen Women
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: Thirteen women who were schoolmates send to a swami for their horoscopes. Little do they realize that Ursula, a half-breed Asian, is using her hypnotic powers over the swami and them to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: A Bill of Divorcement
Genre: Drama
Description: A man, Hilary Fairfield returns home after fifteen years in a mental asylum. However, he finds things are not the way they were when he left.
39. Movie: Madame Butterfly
Genre: Drama
Description: Lieutenant B.F. Pinkerton is on shore-leave in Japan. He and his buddy Lieutenant Barton, out for a night on the town, stop in at a local establishment to check out the food, drink and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Doctor X
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Horror
Description: A wisecracking New York reporter intrudes on a research scientist's quest to unmask The Moon Killer.
41. Movie: Forbidden
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In this romance a librarian takes a cruise and falls for an unobtainable man, a district attorney married to a crippled woman.
42. Movie: Sinners in the Sun
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A New York fashion model finds herself being pursued by a poor but honest garage mechanic and a rich philanderer.
43. Movie: Merrily We Go to Hell
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A drunken newspaperman is rescued from his alcoholic haze by an heiress whose love sobers him up and encourages him to write a play, but he lapses back into dipsomania.
44. Movie: Hot Saturday
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A pretty but virtuous small-town bank clerk is the victim of a vicious rumor from an unsuccessful suitor that she spent the night with a notorious womanizer.
45. Movie: Lawyer Man
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Idealistic attorney Anton Adam makes headlines when he successfully prosecutes a prominent New York racketeer named Gilmurry. Adam's sudden renown attracts the attention of high-profile ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Devil and the Deep
Genre: Drama
Description: Naval commander Charles Sturm has made life miserable for his wife Diana due to his insane jealousy over every man she speaks to. His obsessive behavior soon drives her to the arms of a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: If I Had a Million
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A dying tycoon gives million-dollar windfalls to eight people picked from the city directory.
48. Movie: Otona no miru ehon - Umarete wa mita keredo
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: The Yoshi family - husband and wife Kennesuke and Haha, a middle manager at an office and a housewife respectively, and their two adolescent sons Keiji and Ryoichi - have just moved from ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: 20,000 Years in Sing Sing
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Brash hoodlum Tom Connors enters Sing Sing cocksure of himself and disrespectful toward authority, but his tough but compassionate warden changes him.
50. Movie: Kongo
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: This remake ofWest of Zanzibar(1928) made four years later tries to outdo the Lon Chaney original in morbidity. From a wheelchair a handicapped white man rules an area of Africa as a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
