Most Popular Feature Films Released 1958-01-01 to 1958-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Vertigo
Genre: Mystery, Romance, Thriller
Description: A San Francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend's wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her.
2. Movie: Gigi
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Weary of the conventions of Parisian society, a rich playboy and a youthful courtesan-in-training enjoy a platonic friendship, but it may not stay platonic for long.
3. Movie: Touch of Evil
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A stark, perverse story of murder, kidnapping, and police corruption in a Mexican border town.
4. Movie: Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Brick, an alcoholic ex-football player, drinks his days away and resists the affections of his wife, Maggie. His reunion with his father, Big Daddy, who is dying of cancer, jogs a host of memories and revelations for both father and son.
5. Movie: The Vikings
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: A slave and a Viking prince fight for the love of a captive princess.
6. Movie: South Pacific
Genre: Musical, Romance, War
Description: On a South Pacific island during World War II, love blooms between a young nurse and a secretive Frenchman who's being courted for a dangerous military mission.
7. Movie: Ice Cold in Alex
Genre: Adventure, Drama, War
Description: During WW2 in North Africa, a medical field unit must cross the desert in their ambulance in order to reach the British lines in Alexandria.
8. Movie: The Fly
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A scientist has a horrific accident when he tries to use his newly invented teleportation device.
9. Movie: Run Silent Run Deep
Genre: War, Action, Drama
Description: A U.S. sub commander, obsessed with sinking a certain Japanese ship, butts heads with his first officer and crew.
10. Movie: Man of the West
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: A reformed outlaw becomes stranded after an aborted train robbery with two other passengers and is forced to rejoin his old outlaw band.
11. Movie: The Big Country
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: A New Englander arrives in the Old West, where he becomes embroiled in a feud between two families over a valuable patch of land.
12. Movie: Dracula
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: Jonathan Harker begets the ire of Count Dracula after he accepts a job at the vampire's castle under false pretenses.
13. Movie: Dunkirk
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: A dramatization of the British Expeditionary Force's 1940 retreat to the beaches of France and the extraordinary seaborne evacuation that saved it from utter destruction by Nazi Germany.
14. Movie: Kakushi-toride no san-akunin
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: The story follows two greedy peasants in feudal Japan, Tahei and Matashichi, who are returning home from a failed attempt to profit from a war between neighboring clans. En Route they ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
15. Movie: King Creole
Genre: Crime, Drama, Musical
Description: Having flunked graduation for a second time and needing cash to support his crabby (and thus unemployed) father, Danny Fisher takes a job as a singer in the King Creole nightclub - about ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: The Blob
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: An alien lifeform consumes everything in its path as it grows and grows.
17. Movie: A Night to Remember
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: An account of the ill-fated maiden voyage of RMS Titanic in 1912.
18. Movie: Bell Book and Candle
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Fantasy
Description: A modern-day witch likes her neighbor but despises his fiance, so she enchants him to love her instead, only to fall in love with him for real.
19. Movie: Auntie Mame
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: An orphan goes to live with his free-spirited aunt. Conflict ensues when the executor of his father's estate objects to the aunt's lifestyle.
20. Movie: The 7th Voyage of Sinbad
Genre: Family, Fantasy, Action
Description: When a princess is shrunken by an evil wizard, Sinbad must undertake a quest to an island of monsters to cure her and prevent a war.
21. Movie: The Defiant Ones
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Two escaped convicts chained together, white and black, must learn to get along in order to elude capture.
22. Movie: Houseboat
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A widower, his three young kids and a bombshell nanny get to know each other better when circumstances have them living together aboard a badly neglected houseboat.
23. Movie: The Inn of the Sixth Happiness
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: All her life Englishwoman Gladys Aylward knew that China was the place where she belonged. Not qualified to be sent there as a missionary, Gladys works as a domestic to earn the money to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: Gunman's Walk
Genre: Western
Description: A powerful rancher always protects his wild adult son by paying for damages and bribing witnesses, until his crimes become too serious to rectify.
25. Movie: Indiscreet
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Anna Kalman is a London based actress. She has been unable to find love in her life. The reason why she came home early from a vacation to Majorca fits into that theme, as the man she met ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: The Old Man and the Sea
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: An old Cuban fisherman's dry spell is broken when he hooks a gigantic fish that drags him out to sea. Based on Ernest Hemingway's story.
27. Movie: The Long, Hot Summer
Genre: Drama
Description: Accused barn burner and con man Ben Quick arrives in a small Mississippi town and quickly ingratiates himself with its richest family, the Varners.
28. Movie: Mon oncle
Genre: Comedy
Description: Monsieur Hulot visits the technology-driven world of his sister, brother-in-law, and nephew, but he can't quite fit into the surroundings.
29. Movie: Ascenseur pour l'échafaud
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A self-assured business man murders his employer, the husband of his mistress, which unintentionally provokes an ill-fated chain of events.
30. Movie: Teacher's Pet
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A newspaper editor joins the class of a journalism professor who despises him, and they begin to fall in love.
31. Movie: Orders to Kill
Genre: Drama, War
Description: American agent faces an engrossing moral dilemma when he is parachuted into France to eliminate a suspected traitor in the French Resistance.
32. Movie: The Young Lions
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: The destiny of three soldiers during World War II. The German officer Christian Diestl approves less and less of the war. Jewish-American Noah Ackerman deals with antisemitism at home and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: The Brothers Karamazov
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Ryevsk, Russia, 1870. Tensions abound in the Karamazov family. Fyodor is a wealthy libertine who holds his purse strings tightly. His four grown sons include Dmitri, the eldest, an elegant ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: The Key
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: During WW2, successive tug boat British captains sent on dangerous salvage missions pass-on the key to a home-port apartment where a lonely Swiss-Italian young war-widow lives.
35. Movie: Attack of the 50 Foot Woman
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: When an abused socialite grows to giant size because of an alien encounter and an aborted murder attempt, she goes after her cheating husband with revenge on her mind.
36. Movie: Popiól i diament
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: During the German occupation noble, bourgeois and worker's partisan groups lived in peace with another. On the first day of freedom they start to fight each other. In these fights is weaved a most tender love story.
37. Movie: Damn Yankees!
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A frustrated fan of the hopeless Washington Senators makes a pact with the Devil to help the baseball team win the league pennant.
38. Movie: Thunder Road
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A veteran comes home from the Korean War to the mountains and takes over the family moonshining business. He has to battle big-city gangsters who are trying to take over the business and the police who are trying to put him in prison.
39. Movie: No Time for Sergeants
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: Will Stockdale is a country bumpkin drafted into the Air Force and too dumb to realize he's driving everyone around him crazy -- no one more than Sgt. King.
40. Movie: Separate Tables
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The stories of several people are told as they stay at a seaside hotel in Bournemouth which features dining at "Separate Tables."
41. Movie: Some Came Running
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In the post-war, the alcoholic and bitter veteran military and former writer Dave Hirsch returns from Chicago to his hometown Parkman, Indiana. He is followed by Ginnie Moorehead, a vulgar ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: The Trollenberg Terror
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A series of decapitations on a Swiss mountainside appear to be connected to a mysterious radioactive cloud.
43. Movie: I Want to Live!
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: A prostitute, sentenced to death for murder, pleads her innocence.
44. Movie: Ansiktet
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: When 'Vogler's Magnetic Health Theater' comes to town, there's bound to be a spectacle. Reading reports of a variety of supernatural disturbances at Vogler's prior performances abroad, the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
45. Movie: Les amants
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Saddled with a dull husband and a foolish lover, a woman has an affair with a stranger.
46. Movie: It! The Terror from Beyond Space
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: The first manned expedition to Mars is decimated by an unknown life form which stows away on the rescue ship.
47. Movie: The Buccaneer
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: During the War of 1812 against the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: General Andrew Jackson has only 1,200 men left to defend New Orleans when he learns that a British fleet will...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: I soliti ignoti
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A motley quintet of inept small-time thieves bungle the burglary of a local pawnshop in this Italian farce.
49. Movie: Tom Thumb
Genre: Family, Fantasy, Musical
Description: The Forest Queen grants the wish of Jonathan, the woodcutter, and his wife, Anna.
50. Movie: The Law and Jake Wade
Genre: Western
Description: Outlaw Clint Hollister escapes from jail with the help of Marshal Jake Wade, because once Clint did the same for him. Jake left Clint just after, but Clint finds him back and forces Jake to...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
