Most Popular Feature Films Released 1988-01-01 to 1988-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Die Hard
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: John McClane, officer of the NYPD, tries to save his wife Holly Gennaro and several others that were taken hostage by German terrorist Hans Gruber during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
2. Movie: Beaches
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: A privileged rich debutante and a cynical struggling entertainer share a turbulent, but strong childhood friendship over the years.
3. Movie: Willow
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A reluctant dwarf must play a critical role in protecting a special baby from an evil queen.
4. Movie: Beetlejuice
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A couple of recently deceased ghosts contract the services of a "bio-exorcist" in order to remove the obnoxious new owners of their house.
5. Movie: Rain Man
Genre: Drama
Description: Selfish yuppie Charlie Babbitt's father left a fortune to his savant brother Raymond and a pittance to Charlie; they travel cross-country.
6. Movie: Heathers
Genre: Comedy
Description: In order to get out of the snobby clique that is destroying her good-girl reputation, an intelligent teen teams up with a dark sociopath in a plot to kill the cool kids.
7. Movie: They Live
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A drifter discovers a pair of sunglasses that allow him to wake up to the fact that aliens have taken over the Earth.
8. Movie: Big
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: After wishing to be made big, a teenage boy wakes the next morning to find himself mysteriously in the body of an adult.
9. Movie: Akira
Genre: Animation, Action, Drama
Description: A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop.
10. Movie: Coming to America
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: An extremely pampered African prince travels to Queens, New York City, and goes undercover to find a wife whom he can respect for her intelligence and will.
11. Movie: Hotaru no haka
Genre: Animation, Drama, War
Description: A young boy and his little sister struggle to survive in Japan during World War II.
12. Movie: Tonari no Totoro
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: When two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother, they have adventures with the wondrous forest spirits who live nearby.
13. Movie: Nuovo Cinema Paradiso
Genre: Drama
Description: A filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell in love with the movies at his village's theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater's projectionist.
14. Movie: Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A toon-hating detective is a cartoon rabbit's only hope to prove his innocence when he is accused of murder.
15. Movie: Twins
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A physically perfect but innocent man goes in search of his long-lost twin brother, who is a short small-time crook.
16. Movie: A Fish Called Wanda
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: In London, four very different people team up to commit armed robbery, then try to doublecross each other for the loot.
17. Movie: Working Girl
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: When a secretary's idea is stolen by her boss, she seizes an opportunity to steal it back by pretending she has her boss' job.
18. Movie: The Last Temptation of Christ
Genre: Drama
Description: The life of Jesus Christ, his journey through life as he faces the struggles all humans do, and his final temptation on the cross.
19. Movie: License to Drive
Genre: Comedy
Description: A teen decides to go for a night on the town with his friends despite flunking his driver's test.
20. Movie: Hairspray
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A 'pleasantly plump' teenager teaches 1962 Baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local TV dance show.
21. Movie: Mississippi Burning
Genre: Crime, Drama, History
Description: Two FBI agents with wildly different styles arrive in Mississippi to investigate the disappearance of some civil rights activists.
22. Movie: The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Incompetent police detective Frank Drebin must foil an attempt to assassinateQueen Elizabeth II.
23. Movie: Young Guns
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: A group of young gunmen, led by Billy the Kid, become deputies to avenge the murder of the rancher who became their benefactor. But when Billy takes their authority too far, they become the hunted.
24. Movie: The Land Before Time
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: An orphaned brontosaurus teams up with other young dinosaurs in order to reunite with their families in a valley.
25. Movie: Child's Play
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: A single mother gives her son a much sought after doll for his birthday, only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer.
26. Movie: Bloodsport
Genre: Action, Biography, Drama
Description: Follows Frank Dux, an American martial artist serving in the military, who decides to leave the army to compete in a martial arts tournament in Hong Kong where fights to the death can occur.
27. Movie: Cocktail
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A talented New York City bartender takes a job at a bar in Jamaica and falls in love.
28. Movie: The Accused
Genre: Drama
Description: After a young woman suffers a brutal gang rape in a bar one night, a prosecutor assists in bringing the perpetrators to justice, including the ones who encouraged and cheered on the attack.
29. Movie: Dangerous Liaisons
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A scheming widow and her manipulative ex-lover make a bet regarding the corruption of a recently married woman.
30. Movie: The Unbearable Lightness of Being
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In 1968, a Czech doctor with an active sex life meets a woman who wants monogamy, and then the Soviet invasion further disrupts their lives.
31. Movie: Rambo III
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: Colonel Trautman is captured by Soviets during a mission in Afghanistan and Rambo sets out to rescue him while taking on the invading Russian forces.
32. Movie: Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Description: Years after Tommy Jarvis chained him underwater at Camp Crystal Lake, the dormant Jason Voorhees returns to the camp grounds when he is accidentally released from his prison by a telekinetic teenager.
33. Movie: Mystic Pizza
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Three teenage girls come of age while working at a pizza parlor in the Connecticut town of Mystic.
34. Movie: Bull Durham
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sport
Description: A fan who has an affair with one minor-league baseball player each season meets an up-and-coming pitcher and the experienced catcher assigned to him.
35. Movie: Midnight Run
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: An accountant is chased by bounty hunters, the FBI, and the Mafia after jumping bail.
36. Movie: The Dead Pool
Genre: Action, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Dirty Harry Callahan must stop a sick secret contest to murder local celebrities, which includes himself as a target.
37. Movie: Colors
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: An experienced cop and his rookie partner patrol the streets of East Los Angeles while trying to keep the gang violence under control.
38. Movie: The Great Outdoors
Genre: Comedy
Description: A Chicago man's hope for a peaceful family vacation in the woods is shattered when the annoying in-laws drop in.
39. Movie: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Two con men try to settle their rivalry by betting on who can swindle a young American heiress out of $50,000 first.
40. Movie: Two Moon Junction
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young Southern dbutante temporarily abandons her posh lifestyle and upcoming, semi-arranged marriage to have a lustful and erotic fling with a rugged drifter who works at a local carnival.
41. Movie: Scrooged
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A selfish, cynical T.V. executive is haunted by three spirits bearing lessons on Christmas Eve.
42. Movie: Oliver &amp; Company
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A lost and alone kitten joins a gang of dogs engaged in petty larceny in New York.
43. Movie: Bright Lights, Big City
Genre: Drama
Description: A disillusioned young writer living in New York City turns to drugs and drinking to block out the memories of his dead mother and estranged wife.
44. Movie: Caddyshack II
Genre: Comedy, Sport
Description: When a crass new-money tycoon's membership application is turned down at a snooty country club, he retaliates by buying the club and turning it into a tacky amusement park.
45. Movie: The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: An account of Baron Munchausen's supposed travels and fantastical experiences with his band of misfits.
46. Movie: Le grand bleu
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sport
Description: The rivalry between Enzo and Jacques, two childhood friends and now world-renowned free divers, becomes a beautiful and perilous journey into oneself and the unknown.
47. Movie: Stand and Deliver
Genre: Drama
Description: The story of Jaime Escalante, a high school teacher who successfully inspired his dropout prone students to learn calculus.
48. Movie: The Blob
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: A strange lifeform consumes everything in its path as it grows and grows.
49. Movie: Frantic
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: In a hotel room in Paris, a doctor comes out of the shower and finds that his wife has disappeared. He soon finds himself caught up in a world of intrigue, espionage, gangsters, drugs and murder.
50. Movie: Earth Girls Are Easy
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A Southern California girl befriends three furry aliens after their spaceship lands in her swimming pool.
