Most Popular Feature Films Released 1953-01-01 to 1953-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Peter Pan
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: Wendy and her brothers are whisked away to the magical world of Neverland with the hero of their stories, Peter Pan.
2. Movie: Roman Holiday
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A bored and sheltered princess escapes her guardians and falls in love with an American newsman in Rome.
3. Movie: From Here to Eternity
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: In Hawaii in 1941, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit's team, while his captain's wife and second-in-command are falling in love.
4. Movie: Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Musical
Description: Showgirls Lorelei Lee and Dorothy Shaw travel to Paris, pursued by a private detective hired by the suspicious father of Lorelei's fianc, as well as a rich, enamored old man and many other doting admirers.
5. Movie: Shane
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: A weary gunfighter attempts to settle down with a homestead family, but a smoldering settler/rancher conflict forces him to act.
6. Movie: Stalag 17
Genre: Drama, War
Description: When two escaping American World War II prisoners are killed, the German POW camp barracks black marketeer, J.J. Sefton, is suspected of being an informer.
7. Movie: Tôkyô monogatari
Genre: Drama
Description: An old couple visit their children and grandchildren in the city; but the children have little time for them.
8. Movie: The Wild One
Genre: Drama
Description: Two rival motorcycle gangs terrorize a small town after one of their leaders is thrown in jail.
9. Movie: The War of the Worlds
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A small town in California is attacked by Martians.
10. Movie: House of Wax
Genre: Crime, Fantasy, Horror
Description: An associate burns down a wax museum with the owner inside, but he survives only to become vengeful and murderous.
11. Movie: Bright Road
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: Based on the story, "See How They Run," which ran in the June, 1951 issue of "The Ladies' Home Journal" and subsequently won that year's Christopher Award. The story was written by Mary ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: Julius Caesar
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The growing ambition of Julius Caesar is a source of major concern to his close friend Brutus. Cassius persuades him to participate in his plot to assassinate Caesar but they have both sorely underestimated Mark Antony.
13. Movie: Le salaire de la peur
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Description: In a decrepit South American village, four men are hired to transport an urgent nitroglycerine shipment without the equipment that would make it safe.
14. Movie: How to Marry a Millionaire
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Three women set out to find eligible millionaires to marry, but find true love in the process.
15. Movie: Calamity Jane
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: The story of Calamity Jane, her saloon, and her romance with Wild Bill Hickok.
16. Movie: Niagara
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: As two couples are visiting Niagara Falls, tensions between one wife and her husband reach the level of murder.
17. Movie: The Big Heat
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: Tough cop Dave Bannion takes on a politically powerful crime syndicate.
18. Movie: The Band Wagon
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A pretentiously artistic director is hired for a new Broadway musical and changes it beyond recognition.
19. Movie: The Robe
Genre: Drama, History
Description: In the Roman province of Judea during the 1st century, Roman tribune Marcellus Gallio is ordered to crucify Jesus of Nazareth but is tormented by his guilty conscience afterwards.
20. Movie: Fear and Desire
Genre: Drama, Thriller, War
Description: Four soldiers trapped behind enemy lines must confront their fears and desires.
21. Movie: Vicki
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The untimely murder of a New York glamor-girl sparks an investigation with an emotionally driven detective at the helm.
22. Movie: Hondo
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Army despatch rider Hondo Lane discovers a woman and her son living in the midst of warring Apaches, and he becomes their protector.
23. Movie: Beat the Devil
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: On their way to Africa are a group of rogues who hope to get rich there, and a seemingly innocent British couple. They meet and things happen...
24. Movie: Sommaren med Monika
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Harry Lund is a nineteen-year-old man who meets Monika, a romantic, reckless and rebellious seventeen-year-old, and they fall in love. They leave their families and jobs in their small town...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Titanic
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: An unhappy married couple deal with their problems on board the ill-fated ship.
26. Movie: I Confess
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A priest who comes under suspicion for murder cannot clear his name without breaking the seal of the confessional.
27. Movie: Kiss Me Kate
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Fred and Lilly are a divorced pair of actors who are brought together by Cole Porter who has written a musical version of The Taming of the Shrew. Of course, the couple seem to act a great ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: Mogambo
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: On a Kenyan safari, white hunter Victor Marswell has a love triangle with seductive American socialite Eloise Kelly and anthropologist Donald Nordley's cheating wife Linda.
29. Movie: Ugetsu monogatari
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, War
Description: A tale of ambition, family, love, and war set in the midst of the Japanese Civil Wars of the sixteenth century.
30. Movie: Glen or Glenda
Genre: Drama
Description: A psychiatrist tells two stories: one of a transvestite (Glen or Glenda), the other of a pseudohermaphrodite (Alan or Anne).
31. Movie: It Came from Outer Space
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A spaceship from another world crashes in the Arizona desert, and only an amateur stargazer and a schoolteacher suspect alien influence when the local townsfolk begin to act strange.
32. Movie: Invaders from Mars
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A young boy learns that space aliens are taking over the minds of earthlings.
33. Movie: I Love Melvin
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Melvin Hoover, a budding photographer for Look magazine, accidentally bumps into a young actress named Judy LeRoy in the park. They start to talk and Melvin soon offers to do a photo spread...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: I vitelloni
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A character study of five young men at crucial turning points in their lives in a small town in Italy.
35. Movie: City That Never Sleeps
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Johnny Kelly, who plans on resigning from the police force and leaving his wife the next day, has a very eventful last night on duty.
36. Movie: The Long, Long Trailer
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Nicky and Tacy are going to be married. Nicky wants to save up money for a house, but Tacy dreams of starting off with their own home on wheels--a trailer. After the two are hitched, they ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T.
Genre: Family, Fantasy, Music
Description: The bane of adolescent Bart Collins' existence is the piano lessons he is forced to take under the tutelage of Dr. Terwilliker, the only person he admits he detests because of his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Les vacances de Monsieur Hulot
Genre: Comedy
Description: Monsieur Hulot comes to a beachside hotel for a vacation, where he accidentally (but good-naturedly) causes havoc.
39. Movie: Lili
Genre: Drama, Musical, Romance
Description: An orphaned young woman becomes part of a puppet act and forms a relationship with the anti-social puppeteer.
40. Movie: The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A ferocious dinosaur awakened by an Arctic atomic test terrorizes the North Atlantic and, ultimately, New York City.
41. Movie: Dangerous Crossing
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: When a beautiful bride boards an ocean liner with her new husband, he goes into hiding, and she becomes the target of a murder conspiracy.
42. Movie: Pickup on South Street
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A pickpocket unwittingly lifts a message destined for enemy agents and becomes a target for a Communist spy ring.
43. Movie: Island in the Sky
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: A C-47 transport plane, named the Corsair, makes a forced landing in the frozen wastes of Labrador, and the plane's pilot, Captain Dooley, must keep his men alive in deadly conditions while waiting for rescue.
44. Movie: Appointment in London
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: War drama about the dangerous and stressful work of Lancaster bomber British crews during WW2.
45. Movie: Death Goes to School
Genre: Mystery
Description: A Teacher is murdered at an all girls school. Police investigate and discover that the staff room is full of suspects.
46. Movie: Walking My Baby Back Home
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Walking My Baby Back Home is a 1953 American musical comedy film starring Donald O'Connor, Janet Leigh, and Buddy Hackett.
47. Movie: Madame de...
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In the Paris of the late 19th century, Louise, wife of a general, sells the earrings her husband gave her as a wedding gift: she needs money to cover her debts. The general secretly buys ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Man Between
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: In the Post-World War II, the British Susanne Mallison travels to Berlin to visit her older brother Martin Mallison, a military that has married the German Bettina Mallison. The naive ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: A Day to Remember
Genre: Drama
Description: A group of men from a London pub are going on a darts team outing to Boulogne. Various members of the party have different reasons for going and get involved in various adventures.
50. Movie: The Naked Spur
Genre: Thriller, Western
Description: A bounty hunter trying to bring a murderer to justice is forced to accept the help of two less-than-trustworthy strangers.
