Most Popular Feature Films Released 1933-01-01 to 1933-12-31 : 
1. Movie: King Kong
Genre: Adventure, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A film crew goes to a tropical island for an exotic location shoot and discovers a colossal giant gorilla who takes a shine to their female blonde star. He is then captured and brought back to New York City for public exhibition.
2. Movie: The Invisible Man
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A scientist finds a way of becoming invisible, but in doing so, he becomes murderously insane.
3. Movie: 42nd Street
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A director puts on what may be his last Broadway show and, at the last moment, a naive newcomer has to replace the star.
4. Movie: Duck Soup
Genre: Comedy, Musical, War
Description: Rufus T. Firefly is named president/dictator of bankrupt Freedonia and declares war on neighboring Sylvania over the love of wealthy Mrs. Teasdale.
5. Movie: Melody Cruise
Genre: Comedy, Music, Romance
Description: A bachelor millionaire on a cruise is protected by a friend from the avid attentions of a crowd of husband (and fortune) seeking girls.
6. Movie: Queen Christina
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Queen Christina of Sweden is a popular monarch who is loyal to her country. However, when she falls in love with a Spanish envoy, she must choose between the throne and the man she loves.
7. Movie: Alice in Wonderland
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: In Victorian England a bored young girl dreams that she has entered a fantasy world called Wonderland populated by even more fantastic characters.
8. Movie: Das Testament des Dr. Mabuse
Genre: Crime
Description: A new crime wave grips the city and all clues seem to lead to the nefarious Dr. Mabuse, even though he has been imprisoned in a mental asylum for nearly a decade.
9. Movie: Little Women
Genre: Drama, Family, Romance
Description: Little Women is a "coming of age" drama tracing the lives of four sisters: Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy. During the American Civil War, the girls father is away serving as a minister to the troops...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
10. Movie: Ekstase
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Eva has just gotten married to an older gentleman, but discovers that he is obsessed with order in his life and doesn't have much room for passion. She becomes despondent and leaves him, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
11. Movie: Gold Diggers of 1933
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: A wealthy composer rescues unemployed Broadway performers with a new play.
12. Movie: Baby Face
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A young woman, sexually exploited all her life, decides to turn the tables and exploit the hapless men at a big city bank -- by gleefully sleeping her way to the top.
13. Movie: Footlight Parade
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Chester Kent struggles against time, romance, and a rival's spy to produce spectacular live "prologues" for movie houses.
14. Movie: She Done Him Wrong
Genre: Comedy, Drama, History
Description: In the Gay Nineties, a seductive nightclub singer contends with several suitors, including a jealous escaped convict and a handsome temperance league member.
15. Movie: Dinner at Eight
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Affluent Millicent and Oliver Jordan throw a dinner for a handful of wealthy and/or well-born acquaintances, each of whom has much to reveal.
16. Movie: Ladies They Talk About
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Attractive Nan, member of a bank-robbery gang, goes to prison thanks to evangelist Dave Slade...who loves her.
17. Movie: Sons of the Desert
Genre: Comedy
Description: When Stan and Ollie trick their wives into thinking that they are taking a medicinal cruise while they're actually going to a convention, the wives find out the truth the hard way.
18. Movie: The Son of Kong
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: The men who captured the giant ape King Kong return to Skull Island and find his likewise gigantic but far more friendly son.
19. Movie: Flying Down to Rio
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: An aviator and band leader who is always getting his group fired for his flirtatious behavior with the female guests soon finds himself falling for an engaged woman.
20. Movie: Female
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Alison Drake, the tough-minded executive of an automobile factory, succeeds in the man's world of business until she meets an independent design engineer.
21. Movie: Design for Living
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A woman cannot decide between two men who love her, and the trio agree to try living together in a platonic friendly relationship.
22. Movie: I'm No Angel
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Circus performer Tira seeks a better life pursuing the company of wealthy New York men with improbable comic complications along the way.
23. Movie: Cavalcade
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A cavalcade of English life from New Year's Eve 1899 until 1933 seen through the eyes of well-to-do Londoners Jane and Robert Marryot. Amongst events touching their family are the Boer War,...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: Mystery of the Wax Museum
Genre: Horror, Mystery, Thriller
Description: The disappearance of people and corpses leads a reporter to a wax museum and a sinister sculptor.
25. Movie: Dancing Lady
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: An attractive dancer is rescued from jail by a rich man, who helps her to have her first big opportunity at a musical play on Broadway.
26. Movie: Lady for a Day
Genre: Comedy
Description: A gangster tries to make Apple Annie, the Times Square apple seller, a lady for a day.
27. Movie: The Private Life of Henry VIII.
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: King Henry VIII marries five more times after his divorce from his first wife Catherine of Aragon.
28. Movie: The Man from Monterey
Genre: Western
Description: A cavalry officer helps save a family's ranch from land grabbers.
29. Movie: Morning Glory
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: When a naively innocent, aspiring actress arrives on the Broadway scene, she is taken under the wing of several theater veterans who mentor her to ultimate success.
30. Movie: Gabriel Over the White House
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Description: A political hack becomes President during the height of the Depression and undergoes a metamorphosis into an incorruptible statesman after a near-fatal accident.
31. Movie: Bombshell
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Sexpot film star Lola Burns seeks a new image and tries marrying a marquis, adopting a baby -- all sorts of schemes which go awry.
32. Movie: The Bitter Tea of General Yen
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A Chinese warlord and an engaged Christian missionary fall in love.
33. Movie: Roman Scandals
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical
Description: A kind-hearted young man is thrown out of his corrupt home town of West Rome, Oklahoma. He falls asleep and dreams that he is back in the days of olden Rome, where he gets mixed up with court intrigue and a murder plot against the Emperor.
34. Movie: Sedmá velmoc
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
35. Movie: The Story of Temple Drake
Genre: Drama
Description: A wealthy but neurotic Southern belle finds herself trapped in the hideout of a gang of vicious bootleggers. The gang's leader lusts after her, and is determined not to let anything stand in the way of his having her.
36. Movie: The Life of Jimmy Dolan
Genre: Romance, Drama
Description: Prizefighter Jimmy Dolan accidentally kills a man at a party and escapes. He hides out at a health farm for invalid children and begins to lose his cynicism under the influence of the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The Kennel Murder Case
Genre: Mystery
Description: Philo Vance, accompanied by his prize-losing Scottish terrier, investigates the locked-room murder of a prominent and much-hated collector whose broken Chinese vase provides an important clue.
38. Movie: To the Last Man
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: In Kentucky just after the Civil War, the Hayden-Colby feud leads to Jed Colby being sent to prison for 15 years for murder. The Haydens head for Nevada and when Colby gets out of prison he heads there also seeking revenge. The head of the Hayden family tries to avoid more killing but the inevitable showdown has to occur, complicated by Lynn Hayden and Ellen Colby's plans to marry.
39. Movie: Lady Killer
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: A former gangster makes it big in Hollywood, but his old life catches up with him.
40. Movie: Hold Your Man
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Ruby falls in love with small-time con man Eddie. During a botched blackmail scheme, Eddie accidentally kills the man they were setting up. Eddie takes off and Ruby is sent to a reformatory for two years.
41. Movie: Sagebrush Trail
Genre: Western
Description: Imprisoned for a murder he did not commit, John Brant escapes and ends up out west where, after giving the local lawmen the slip, he joins up with an outlaw gang. Brant finds out that '...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Don Quixote
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: In Spain, in the sixteenth century, an elderly gentleman named Don Quixote has gone mad from reading too many books on chivalry. Proclaiming himself a knight, he sets out with his squire, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: The Three Musketeers
Genre: Action, Adventure, Mystery
Description: Tom Wayne rescues Clancy, Renard and Schmidt in the Arabian desert and they join him in going after El Shaitan, a bad guy who is never seen as he tries to wipe out the Foreign Legion.
44. Movie: Convention City
Genre: Comedy
Description: Add a Plot
45. Movie: Riders of Destiny
Genre: Music, Romance, Western
Description: Bad guy Kincaid controls the local water supply and plans to do in the other ranchers. Government agent Saunders shows up undercover to do in Kincaid and win the heart of one of his victims Fay Denton.
46. Movie: The Devil's Brother
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Two wannabe bandits join the service of a dashing nobleman, who secretly masquerades as Fra Diavolo, a notorious outlaw.
47. Movie: Wild Boys of the Road
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: In the depths of the Depression, two teenage boys strike out on their own in order to help their struggling parents and find life on the road tougher than expected.
48. Movie: Night Flight
Genre: Drama
Description: Polio breaks out in Rio de Janeiro, the serum is in Santiago and there's only one way to get the medicine where it's desperately needed: flown in by daring pilots who risk the treacherous weather and forbidding peaks of the Andes.
49. Movie: The Good Companions
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Film musical taken from JB Priestley's novel about three musicians joining together to save a failing concert party, the Dinky Doos.
50. Movie: When Ladies Meet
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Mary, a writer working on a novel about a love triangle, is attracted to her publisher. Her suitor Jimmy is determined to break them up; he introduces Mary to the publisher's wife without ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
