Most Popular Feature Films Released 1950-01-01 to 1950-12-31 : 
1. Movie: All About Eve
Genre: Drama
Description: An ingenue insinuates herself into the company of an established but aging stage actress and her circle of theater friends.
2. Movie: Sunset Blvd.
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent-film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity.
3. Movie: Cinderella
Genre: Animation, Family, Fantasy
Description: When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from the lovable mice Gus and Jaq, and from her Fairy Godmother.
4. Movie: Rio Grande
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: A cavalry officer posted on the Rio Grande must deal with murderous raiding Apaches, his son who's a risk-taking recruit and his wife from whom he has been separated for many years.
5. Movie: Rashômon
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A heinous crime and its aftermath are recalled from differing points of view.
6. Movie: Crisis
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Husband and wife Americans Dr. Eugene and Mrs. Helen Ferguson - he a renowned neurosurgeon - are traveling through Latin America for a vacation. When they make the decision to return to New...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
7. Movie: Harvey
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Due to his insistence that he has an invisible six foot-tall rabbit for a best friend, a whimsical middle-aged man is thought by his family to be insane - but he may be wiser than anyone knows.
8. Movie: Born Yesterday
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A tycoon hires a tutor to teach his lover proper etiquette.
9. Movie: Kim
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: Buring the British Raj, the orphan of a British soldier poses as a Hindu and is torn between his loyalty to a Buddhist mystic and aiding the English secret service.
10. Movie: In a Lonely Place
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A potentially violent screenwriter is a murder suspect until his lovely neighbor clears him. But she begins to have doubts...
11. Movie: Cheaper by the Dozen
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: "Cheaper By the Dozen", based on the real-life story of the Gilbreth family, follows them from Providence, Rhode Island to Montclair, New Jersey, and details the amusing anecdotes found in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
12. Movie: The Asphalt Jungle
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A major heist goes off as planned, until bad luck and double crosses cause everything to unravel.
13. Movie: The Jackie Robinson Story
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: Biography of Jackie Robinson, the first black major league baseball player in the 20th century. Traces his career in the negro leagues and the major leagues.
14. Movie: Stage Fright
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A struggling actress tries to help a friend prove his innocence when he's accused of murdering the husband of a high society entertainer.
15. Movie: Treasure Island
Genre: Adventure, Family
Description: The treasure seeking adventures of young Jim Hawkins and pirate captain Long John Silver.
16. Movie: Winchester '73
Genre: Action, Drama, Western
Description: The journey of a prized rifle from one ill-fated owner to another parallels a cowboy's search for a murderous fugitive.
17. Movie: Father of the Bride
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: The father of a young woman deals with the emotional pain of her getting married, along with the financial and organizational trouble of arranging the wedding.
18. Movie: Cyrano de Bergerac
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The charismatic swordsman-poet helps another woo the woman he loves in this straightforward version of the play.
19. Movie: Broken Arrow
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: Tom Jeffords tries to make peace between settlers and Apaches.
20. Movie: Annie Get Your Gun
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Musical
Description: The story of the great sharpshooterAnnie Oakley, who rose to fame while dealing with her love/professional rival, Frank Butler.
21. Movie: The Gunfighter
Genre: Western
Description: Notorious gunfighter Jimmy Ringo rides into town to find his true love, who doesn't want to see him. He hasn't come looking for trouble, but trouble finds him around every corner.
22. Movie: Night and the City
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: A small-time grifter and nightclub tout takes advantage of some fortuitous circumstances and tries to become a big-time player as a wrestling promoter.
23. Movie: The Men
Genre: Drama
Description: Paralized war vet tries to adjust to the world without the use of his limbs.
24. Movie: Whirlpool
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A woman secretly suffering from kleptomania is hypnotized in an effort to cure her condition. Soon afterwards, she is found at the scene of a murder with no memory of how she got there and seemingly no way to prove her innocence.
25. Movie: Two Weeks with Love
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: The Robinson family are spending two weeks of summer vacation at a resort in the Catskills. Older daughter Patti vies with her friend, Valeria, for the affections of Demi Armendez but Patti...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
26. Movie: Wyoming Mail
Genre: Western
Description: In 1869, when the railroad mail service is threatened by frequent bandit attacks, the government hires Steve Davis to infiltrate a gang in order to destroy it from inside.
27. Movie: Deadly Is the Female
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A well meaning crack shot husband is pressured by his beautiful marksman wife to go on an interstate robbery spree, where he finds out just how depraved and deadly she really is.
28. Movie: Morning Departure
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: The crew of a submarine is trapped on the sea floor when it sinks. How can they be rescued before they run out of air?
29. Movie: D.O.A.
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: Frank Bigelow, told he's been poisoned and has only a few days to live, tries to find out who killed him and why.
30. Movie: Los olvidados
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: A group of juvenile delinquents live a violent and crime-filled life in the festering slums of Mexico City, and the morals of young Pedro are gradually corrupted and destroyed by the others...
31. Movie: King Solomon's Mines
Genre: Adventure, Romance, Action
Description: Adventurer Allan Quartermain leads an expedition into uncharted African territory in an attempt to locate an explorer who went missing during his search for the fabled diamond mines of King Solomon.
32. Movie: The Nevadan
Genre: Western
Description: A mysterious stranger crosses paths with an outlaw bank robber and a greedy rancher.
33. Movie: Where the Sidewalk Ends
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Drama
Description: Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon wants to be something his old man wasn't: a guy on the right side of the law. But Dixon's vicious nature will get the better of him.
34. Movie: The Black Rose
Genre: Adventure, History, Romance
Description: A disinherited 13th Century Saxon nobleman leaves Norman England with an archer friend to seek his fortune in the Far East.
35. Movie: Summer Stock
Genre: Musical, Romance
Description: A small-town farmer, down on her luck, finds her homestead invaded by a theatrical troupe invited to stay by her ne'er-do-well sister.
36. Movie: No Way Out
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A black doctor is assigned to treat two racist White, robbery suspects who are brothers, and when one dies, it causes tension that could start a race riot.
37. Movie: Orphée
Genre: Fantasy, Drama, Romance
Description: A poet in love with Death follows his unhappy wife into the underworld.
38. Movie: Caged
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A naive nineteen year old widow becomes coarsened and cynical when she is sent to a woman's prison and is exposed to hardened criminals and sadistic guards.
39. Movie: Stromboli
Genre: Drama
Description: Karen, a young woman from the Baltic countries, marries fisherman Antonio to escape from a prisoners camp. But the life in Antonio's village, Stromboli, threatened by the volcano, is a tough one and Karen cannot get used to it.
40. Movie: Three Little Words
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Musical
Description: The story of the successful Tin Pan Alley songwriting team of Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby is told loosely and lightheartedly.
41. Movie: Panic in the Streets
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague.
42. Movie: The Cariboo Trail
Genre: Western
Description: Montanans Jim Redfern and Mike Evans head into Canada's British Columbia via the Cariboo Trail intent to raise cattle and dig for gold but find trouble instead.
43. Movie: The Furies
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: A firebrand heiress clashes with her tyrannical father, a cattle rancher who fancies himself a Napoleon; but their relationship turns ugly only when he finds himself a new woman.
44. Movie: Young Man with a Horn
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: A young trumpeter enjoys highs (musical success, fame, and fortune) and lows (sour marriage, death of his mentor, bout with alcoholism).
45. Movie: Rocketship X-M
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: An astronaut crew on their way to the Moon are unexpectedly propelled by gravitational forces and end up on Mars instead.
46. Movie: La ronde
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An all-knowing interlocutor guides us through a series of affairs in Vienna, 1900. A soldier meets an eager young lady of the evening. Later he has an affair with a young lady, who becomes ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: At War with the Army
Genre: Comedy, Musical, War
Description: Alvin Corwin is low man on the totem pole, and goes from one mishap to another at an army training camp in World War II.
48. Movie: Destination Moon
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: One of the first science fiction films to attempt a high level of accurate technical detail tells the story of the first trip to the Moon.
49. Movie: The Blue Lamp
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: The daily routine of two London policemen is interrupted by a killer.
50. Movie: Wagon Master
Genre: Adventure, Western
Description: Two young drifters guide a Mormon wagon train to the San Juan Valley and encounter cutthroats, Indians, geography, and moral challenges on the journey.
