Most Popular Feature Films Released 1992-01-01 to 1992-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Reservoir Dogs
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: After a simple jewelry heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.
2. Movie: The Last of the Mohicans
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Three trappers protect a British Colonel's daughters in the midst of the French and Indian War.
3. Movie: White Men Can't Jump
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Sport
Description: Black and white basketball hustlers join forces to double their chances.
4. Movie: Aladdin
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: When a street urchin vies for the love of a beautiful princess, he uses a genie's magic power to make himself off as a prince in order to marry her.
5. Movie: Basic Instinct
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A violent, suspended police detective investigates a brutal murder, in which a manipulative and seductive woman could be involved.
6. Movie: Batman Returns
Genre: Action
Description: When a corrupt businessman and the grotesque Penguin plot to take control of Gotham City, only Batman can stop them, while the Catwoman has her own agenda.
7. Movie: Unforgiven
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner and a young man.
8. Movie: Dracula
Genre: Fantasy, Horror
Description: The vampire comes to England to seduce a visitor's fiance and inflict havoc in the foreign land.
9. Movie: A Few Good Men
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: Neo military lawyer Kaffee defends Marines accused of murder; they contend they were acting under orders.
10. Movie: Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A young FBI agent disappears while investigating a murder miles from Twin Peaks that may be related to the future murder of Laura Palmer; the last week of the life of Laura Palmer is chronicled.
11. Movie: Of Mice and Men
Genre: Drama
Description: Two drifters, one a gentle but slow giant, try to make money working the fields during the Depression so they can fulfill their dreams.
12. Movie: Alien³
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: After her last encounter, Ripley crash-lands on Fiorina Fury 161, a maximum security prison. When a series of strange and deadly events occur shortly after her arrival, Ripley realizes that she brought along an unwelcome visitor.
13. Movie: Home Alone 2: Lost in New York
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: One year after Kevin was left home alone and had to defeat a pair of bumbling burglars, he accidentally finds himself in New York City, and the same criminals are not far behind.
14. Movie: Wayne's World
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Two slacker friends try to promote their public-access cable show.
15. Movie: A League of Their Own
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Two sisters join the first female professional baseball league and struggle to help it succeed amidst their own growing rivalry.
16. Movie: A River Runs Through It
Genre: Drama
Description: The story about two sons of a stern minister -- one reserved, one rebellious -- growing up in rural Montana while devoted to fly fishing.
17. Movie: Scent of a Woman
Genre: Drama
Description: A prep school student needing money agrees to "babysit" a blind man, but the job is not at all what he anticipated.
18. Movie: Singles
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A group of twenty-something friends, most of whom live in the same apartment complex, search for love and success in grunge-era Seattle.
19. Movie: Glengarry Glen Ross
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: An examination of the machinations behind the scenes at a real estate office.
20. Movie: The Mighty Ducks
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A self-centered lawyer is sentenced to community service coaching a rag tag youth hockey team.
21. Movie: Under Siege
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: A former S.E.A.L., now cook, is the only person who can stop a gang of terrorists when they seize control of a U.S. Navy battleship.
22. Movie: Newsies
Genre: Drama, Family, History
Description: A musical based on the New York City newsboy strike of 1899. When young newspaper sellers are exploited beyond reason by their bosses they set out to enact change and are met by the ruthlessness of big business.
23. Movie: My Cousin Vinny
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: Two New Yorkers are accused of murder in rural Alabama while on their way back to college, and one of their cousins--an inexperienced, loudmouth lawyer not accustomed to Southern rules and manners--comes in to defend them.
24. Movie: Encino Man
Genre: Comedy
Description: When they find a frozen caveman in their back yard, two high school outcasts thaw him and introduce him to modern life while he in turn gets them to actually enjoy life.
25. Movie: Army of Darkness
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A man is accidentally transported to 1300 A.D., where he must battle an army of the dead and retrieve the Necronomicon so he can return home.
26. Movie: Death Becomes Her
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Horror
Description: When a woman learns of an immortality treatment, she sees it as a way to outdo her long-time rival.
27. Movie: The Bodyguard
Genre: Action, Drama, Music
Description: A former Secret Service agent takes on the job of bodyguard to a pop singer, whose lifestyle is most unlike a President's.
28. Movie: Malcolm X
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Biographical epic of the controversial and influential Black Nationalist leader, from his early life and career as a small-time gangster, to his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam.
29. Movie: Sister Act
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Family
Description: When a worldly singer witnesses a mob crime, the police hide her as a nun in a traditional convent where she has trouble fitting in.
30. Movie: Chaplin
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: A film about the troubled and controversial life of the master comedy filmmakerCharles Chaplin.
31. Movie: The Crying Game
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A British soldier is kidnapped by IRA terrorists. He befriends one of his captors, who is drawn into the soldier's world.
32. Movie: Braindead
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A young man's mother is bitten by a Sumatran rat-monkey. She gets sick and dies, at which time she comes back to life, killing and eating dogs, nurses, friends, and neighbors.
33. Movie: Patriot Games
Genre: Action, Thriller
Description: When CIA Analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets him and his family for revenge.
34. Movie: Candyman
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth.
35. Movie: Così fan tutte
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Diana is happily married to Paolo, but due to her wild passion for sex, she regularly winds up in short lived erotic adventures. She doesn't hide from Paolo, in contrast, she tells him, in order to add fresh impulses in their own sex life.
36. Movie: Juice
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Four inner-city teenagers get caught up in the pursuit of power and happiness, which they refer to as "the juice".
37. Movie: Beethoven
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: A slobbering St. Bernard becomes the center of attention for a loving family, but must contend with a dog-napping veterinarian and his henchmen.
38. Movie: Lethal Weapon 3
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh pursue an arms dealer who is a former LAPD officer.
39. Movie: Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Genre: Action, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: A flighty teenage girl learns that she is her generation's destined battler of vampires.
40. Movie: School Ties
Genre: Drama
Description: Set in the 1950s, a star-quarterback is given an opportunity to attend an elite preparatory school but must conceal the fact that he is Jewish.
41. Movie: The Lawnmower Man
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A simple man is turned into a genius through the application of computer science.
42. Movie: Toys
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: When a military general inherits a toy making company and begins making war toys, his employees band together to stop him before he ruins the name of Zevo Toys forever.
43. Movie: L'amant
Genre: Biography, Drama, Romance
Description: In 1929 French Indochina, a French teenage girl embarks on a reckless and forbidden romance with a wealthy, older Chinese man, each knowing that knowledge of their affair will bring drastic consequences to each other.
44. Movie: Universal Soldier
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: Private Luc Deveraux and his sadistic sergeant, Andrew Scott, got killed in Vietnam. The army uses their bodies for a secret project - reanimating dead soldiers as deadly obedient cyborgs. However, their memories come back too.
45. Movie: Passenger 57
Genre: Action, Crime, Thriller
Description: An airline security expert must take action when he finds himself trapped on a passenger jet when terrorists seize control of it.
46. Movie: Far and Away
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A young man leaves Ireland with his landlord's daughter after some trouble with her father, and they dream of owning land at the big give-away in Oklahoma ca. 1893. When they get to the new...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Bitter Moon
Genre: Drama
Description: British couple Fiona and Nigel Dobson are sailing to Istanbul en route to India. They encounter a beautiful French woman, and that night Nigel meets her while dancing alone in the ship's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: 3 Ninjas
Genre: Action, Comedy, Family
Description: Each year, three brothers, Samuel, Jeffrey and Michael Douglas visit their grandfather, Mori Tanaka, for the summer. Mori is highly skilled in ninjutsu, and for years he has trained the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Honey I Blew Up the Kid
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: The Szalinski family is back, this time hilarious disaster strikes when an experiment causes their new toddler son to grow many stories tall.
50. Movie: Damage
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A member of Parliament falls passionately in love with his son's fiance despite the dangers of discovery.
