Most Popular Feature Films Released 1944-01-01 to 1944-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Meet Me in St. Louis
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: In the year leading up to the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair, the four Smith daughters learn lessons of life and love, even as they prepare for a reluctant move to New York.
2. Movie: Double Indemnity
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: An insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses an insurance investigator's suspicions.
3. Movie: Laura
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A police detective falls in love with the woman whose murder he is investigating.
4. Movie: Gaslight
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Years after her aunt was murdered in her home, a young woman moves back into the house with her new husband. However, he has a secret that he will do anything to protect, even if it means driving his wife insane.
5. Movie: Arsenic and Old Lace
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Thriller
Description: A drama critic learns on his wedding day that his beloved maiden aunts are homicidal maniacs, and that insanity runs in his family.
6. Movie: None But the Lonely Heart
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: When an itinerant reluctantly returns home to help his sickly mother run her shop, they are both tempted to turn to crime to help make ends meet.
7. Movie: To Have and Have Not
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Romance
Description: During World War II, American expatriate Harry Morgan helps transport a French Resistance leader and his beautiful wife to Martinique while romancing a sensuous lounge singer.
8. Movie: Lifeboat
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Several survivors of a torpedoed ship find themselves in the same boat with one of the men who sunk it.
9. Movie: The Doughgirls
Genre: Comedy
Description: Arthur and Vivian are just married, but when the get to their honeymoon suite in Washington D.C., they find it occupied. Arthur goes to meet Slade, his new boss, and when he comes back, he ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
10. Movie: Crime by Night
Genre: Drama, Mystery
Description: Detective Sam Campbell and his perky sidekick Robby Vance are called in on a routine child support dispute. Things take an unexpected turn when the client's ex-father-in-law, the head of a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
11. Movie: National Velvet
Genre: Drama, Family, Sport
Description: A jaded former jockey helps a young girl prepare a wild but gifted horse for England's Grand National Sweepstakes.
12. Movie: Going My Way
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley led a colorful life of sports, song, and romance before joining the Roman Catholic clergy, but his level gaze and twinkling eyes make it clear that he knows ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: House of Frankenstein
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: An evil scientist and his hunchbacked assistant escape from prison and encounter Dracula, the Wolf Man and Frankenstein's Monster.
14. Movie: Cover Girl
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Rusty Parker wins a contest and becomes a celebrated cover girl; this endangers her romance with dancing mentor Danny.
15. Movie: The Spider Woman
Genre: Mystery, Thriller
Description: Sherlock Holmes investigates a series of so-called "pajama suicides". He knows the female villain behind them is as cunning as Moriarty and as venomous as a spider.
16. Movie: The Uninvited
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery
Description: A composer and his sister discover that the reason they are able to purchase a beautiful gothic seacoast mansion very cheaply is the house's unsavory past.
17. Movie: Make Your Own Bed
Genre: Comedy
Description: Walter and Vivian live in the country and have a difficult time keeping servants. Walter hires an private detective who has been fired for arresting the District Attorney. They only way ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: The Three Caballeros
Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Description: Donald receives his birthday gifts, which include traditional gifts and information about Brazil (hosted by Z Carioca) and Mexico (by Panchito, a Mexican Charro Rooster).
19. Movie: Murder, My Sweet
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: After being hired to find an ex-con's former girlfriend, Philip Marlowe is drawn into a deeply complex web of mystery and deceit.
20. Movie: The Woman in the Window
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: When a conservative middle-aged professor engages in a minor dalliance with a femme fatale, he is plunged into a nightmarish quicksand of blackmail and murder.
21. Movie: The Thin Man Goes Home
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Mystery
Description: Nick and Nora visit Nick's hometown, and end up involved in a murder.
22. Movie: Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: In the wake of Pearl Harbor, a young lieutenant leaves his expectant wife to volunteer for a secret bombing mission which will take the war to the Japanese homeland.
23. Movie: The Chronicle History of King Henry the Fifth with His Battell Fought at Agincourt in France
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: In the midst of the Hundred Years' War, the young King Henry V of England embarks on the conquest of France in 1415.
24. Movie: The Fighting Seabees
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Construction workers in World War II in the Pacific are needed to build military sites, but the work is dangerous and they doubt the ability of the Navy to protect them. After a series of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Captain America
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: Superhero Captain America battles the evil forces of the archvillain called The Scarab, who poisons his enemies and steals a secret device capable of destroying buildings by sound vibrations.
26. Movie: Mr. Skeffington
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Popular and beautiful Fanny Trellis is forced into a loveless marriage with an older man, Jewish banker Job Skeffington, in order to save her beloved brother Trippy from an embezzlement charge, and predictable complications result.
27. Movie: Passage to Marseille
Genre: Drama, Adventure, War
Description: Five patriotic convicts are helped to escape imprisonment in Devil's Island so they can fight for occupied Free French forces against the Nazis.
28. Movie: The Lodger
Genre: Crime, Horror, Mystery
Description: A landlady suspects her new lodger is Jack the Ripper.
29. Movie: Since You Went Away
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: With her husband away to fight in World War II, a housewife struggles to care for their two daughters - and a pair of lodgers who have moved in - alone.
30. Movie: The Pearl of Death
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: When a valuable pearl with a sinister reputation is stolen, Sherlock Holmes must investigate its link to a series of brutal murders.
31. Movie: The Scarlet Claw
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: When a gentlewoman is found dead with her throat torn out, the villagers blame a supernatural monster, but Sherlock Holmes, who gets drawn into the case from nearby Quebec, suspects a human murderer.
32. Movie: Bathing Beauty
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A contrived misunderstanding leads to the breakup of a songwriter and his fiance. She returns to work as a gym teacher at an all-girls school, but a legal loophole allows the man to enroll as one of her students.
33. Movie: Ministry of Fear
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Stephen Neale has just been released from an asylum during World War 2 in England when he stumbles on a deadly Nazi spy plot by accident, and tries to stop it.
34. Movie: The Keys of the Kingdom
Genre: Drama
Description: A young priest, Father Chisholm is sent to China to establish a Catholic parish among the non-Christian Chinese. While his boyhood friend, also a priest, flourishes in his calling as a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Phantom Lady
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A beautiful secretary risks her life to try to find the elusive woman who may prove her boss didn't murder his selfish wife.
36. Movie: Tall in the Saddle
Genre: Mystery, Western, Romance
Description: Ranch hand Rocklin arrives in town to start his new job but his employer has been murdered and the locals don't seem too friendly.
37. Movie: This Happy Breed
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Noel Coward's attempt to show how the ordinary people lived between the wars. Just after WWI the Gibbons family moves to a nice house in the suburbs. An ordinary sort of life is led by the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: The Canterville Ghost
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: In the 1600s, cowardly Sir Simon of Canterville flees a duel and seeks solace in the family castle. His ashamed father seals him in the room where he is hiding and dooms him to life as a ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: The White Cliffs of Dover
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: London based American nurse, Susan, Lady Ashwood, is at the hospital awaiting the imminent arrival of injured soldiers. She is hoping that her enlisted son, Sir John Ashwood, who resembles ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: The Miracle of Morgan's Creek
Genre: Comedy, Romance, War
Description: After an all-night send-off party for the troops, a small-town girl wakes up to find herself married and pregnant, but with no memory of her husband's identity.
41. Movie: Hollywood Canteen
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: Two soldiers on sick leave spend three nights at the Hollywood Canteen before going back to active duty. With a little friendly help from John Garfield, Slim gets to kiss Joan Leslie, whom ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: A Canterbury Tale
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Mystery
Description: A 'Land Girl', an American GI, and a British soldier find themselves together in a small Kent town on the road to Canterbury. The town is being plagued by a mysterious "glue-man", who pours...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Wilson
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A chronicle of the political career of US PresidentWoodrow Wilson.
44. Movie: Can't Help Singing
Genre: Musical, Western
Description: A senator's daughter (who can't help singing) follows her boyfriend West in the days of the California gold rush.
45. Movie: The Sullivans
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The lives of a close-knit group of brothers growing up in Iowa during the days of the Great Depression and of World War II and their eventual deaths in action in the Pacific theater are ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Die Feuerzangenbowle
Genre: Comedy
Description: A successful writer, home-schooled in his youth, masquerades as a student at a secondary school to experience all the fun and pranks he missed out on.
47. Movie: The Curse of the Cat People
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: The young, friendless daughter of Oliver and Alice Reed befriends her father's dead first wife and an aging, reclusive actress.
48. Movie: Between Two Worlds
Genre: Mystery, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Passengers on an ocean liner can't recall how they got on board or where they are going yet, oddly enough, it soon becomes apparent that they all have something in common.
49. Movie: Gran Hotel
Genre: Comedy
Description: After failing as a waiter, Cantinflas gets a job as a bellboy in a fancy hotel, by recommendation of his girlfriend. He has to deal with posh people and even with the nobility. One day, an ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The Way Ahead
Genre: War, Drama
Description: A group of conscripts are called up into the infantry during WWII. At first they appear a hopeless bunch but their sergeant and Lieutenant have faith in them and mould them into a good team...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
