Most Popular Feature Films Released 1919-01-01 to 1919-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Broken Blossoms or The Yellow Man and the Girl
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A frail waif, abused by her brutal boxer father in London's seedy Limehouse District, is befriended by a sensitive Chinese immigrant with tragic consequences.
2. Movie: Madame DuBarry
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The story of Madame DuBarry, the mistress of Louis XV of France, and her loves in the time of the French revolution.
3. Movie: Male and Female
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: Lady Mary Lasenby is a spoiled maiden who always gets her way until shipwrecked with her butler, then learns which qualities are really admirable in a person.
4. Movie: J'accuse!
Genre: Drama, Horror, War
Description: The story of two men, one married, the other the lover of the other's wife, who meet in the trenches of the First World War, and how their tale becomes a microcosm for the horrors of war.
5. Movie: Anders als die Andern
Genre: Crime, Drama, History
Description: Two male musicians fall in love, but blackmail and scandal makes the affair take a tragic turn.
6. Movie: Daddy-Long-Legs
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Wealthy Jervis Pendleton acts as benefactor for orphan Judy Abbott, anonymously sponsoring her in her boarding school. But as she grows up, he finds himself falling in love with her, and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
7. Movie: Harakiri
Genre: Drama
Description: The Buddhist priest wants the Daughter of the Daimyo to become a priestess at the Forbidden Garden. The Daimyo thinks if he were in Europe that his daughter should decide on her own, but he...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: Blind Husbands
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An Austrian officer sets out to seduce a neglected young wife.
9. Movie: Die Austernprinzessin
Genre: Comedy
Description: An American heiress seeks the hand of an impoverished German prince.
10. Movie: Wagon Tracks
Genre: Western
Description: Buckskin Hamilton guides a wagon train across the wasteland, caring well for the pioneers he escorts, but hoping to solve the murder of his brother by one of the travellers.
11. Movie: Die Spinnen, 1. Teil - Der Goldene See
Genre: Adventure, Western
Description: Kay Hoog finds a message that indicates that some Incas are still alive, but the secret organisation "Die Spinnen" wants the Incas' gold....
12. Movie: True Heart Susie
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Susie, a plain young country girl, secretly loves a neighbor boy, William. She believes in him and sacrifices much of her own happiness to promote his own ambitions, all without his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: Ravished Armenia
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: Aurora Mardiganian, a young and beautiful Armenian girl, lives with her parents in the Turkish city of Havpoul. Her father, a prosperous merchant, was preparing to send her to the West to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
14. Movie: When the Clouds Roll by
Genre: Action, Comedy, Romance
Description: Psychiatrist Dr. Ulrich Metz attempts to drive Daniel Brown to suicide.
15. Movie: Die Puppe
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: Because the Baron of Chanterelle wants to preserve his family line, he forces his timid nephew Lancelot to choose one of the village maidens to wed. Lancelot flees to a monastery to escape ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: Herr Arnes pengar
Genre: Drama, History
Description: Three Scottish officers, including Sir Archi, murder Sir Arne and his household for a coffin filled with gold. The only survivor is Elsalill, who moves to relatives in Marstrand. There she ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
17. Movie: Præsidenten
Genre: Drama
Description: The judge in a Danish town sees his illegitimate daughter facing a trial for the murder of her newborn child, and is rather sure that she will be sentenced to death. She became pregnant ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: Nerven
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
19. Movie: The Lost Battalion
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A battalion of the U.S. Army's 77th Division penetrates deep into the Argonne Forest of France during the First World War. The battalion becomes surrounded and holds out for six long days, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Unheimliche Geschichten
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery
Description: After the old-books shop closes, portraits of the Strumpet, Death, and the Devil come to life and amuse themselves by reading stories--about themselves, of course, in various guises and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: Don't Change Your Husband
Genre: Comedy
Description: Leila Porter comes to dislike her husband James, a glue king who is always eating onions and looking sloppy. But after she divorces him and marries two-timing playboy Schuyler Van Sutphen the now-reformed James looks pretty good.
22. Movie: Behind the Door
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A German-American naval officer takes revenge against the German submarine commander who brutalized his wife.
23. Movie: The Miracle Man
Genre: Drama
Description: A gang of crooks evade the police by moving their operations to a small town. There the gang's leader encounters a faith healer and uses him to scam gullible public of funds for a supposed ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: The Wicked Darling
Genre: Drama, Crime
Description: A slum girl is forced to steal for a living. After she swipes a rich society's matron's necklace, she hides out at the home of a man who turns out to be the socialite's former fiance.
25. Movie: The Dragon Painter
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A wild man and genius becomes a master painter's disciple, but loses his divine gift when he finds love.
26. Movie: The Grim Game
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: Jailed unjustly for a murder he did not commit, a young man uses his amazing powers of escape to free himself and pursue the actual killers, who hold his fiance captive.
27. Movie: The Delicious Little Devil
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A poor hat-check girl loses her job and is forced to get a job as a dancer at a roadhouse. There she falls in love with the son of a rich businessman. The boy's father, believing her to be ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
28. Movie: The Fall of Babylon
Genre: Drama
Description: In the last days of ancient Babylon, a tomboyish mountain girl fights for her king when the city is attacked.
29. Movie: The Knickerbocker Buckaroo
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Western
Description: Add a Plot
30. Movie: Halbblut
Genre: Fantasy
Description: The story of a man destroyed by love.
31. Movie: Az aranyember
Genre: Drama
Description: The adventures of captain Mihly Tmr, who aids a persecuted Turkish Pasha and his daughter in their escape across the Donau. After the Pasha dies, the captain acquires his fortune and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: Lilli
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
33. Movie: The Mother and the Law
Genre: Drama
Description: A re-edited version of the 'modern' story fromIntolerance: Love's Struggle Throughout the Ages(1916).
34. Movie: A Virtuous Vamp
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A flirtatious young woman takes a job in a busy office, where her presence is terribly disruptive. None of the men in the office can concentrate on their jobs while her charms are on ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: The Lightning Raider
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: A beautiful young woman is a daring master thief. She meets the young millionaire Thomas Babbington Norton, while fleeing from the scene of her latest theft.
36. Movie: Lillis Ehe
Description: Add a Plot
37. Movie: Anne of Green Gables
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Anne Shirley, an orphan, is taken into the lives of a generous farmer and his sister. She grows from an adventuresome young lass into a charming and much sought-after young lady.
38. Movie: The Pest
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Naive country girl Jigs Blodgett makes friends with Gene Giles, the nephew of a wealthy judge. Shady John Harland is courting the judge's daughter Blanche because of her father's money and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: A Romance of Happy Valley
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: John Logan leaves his parents and sweetheart in bucolic Happy Valley to make his fortune in the city. Those he left behind become miserable and beleaguered in his absence, but after several...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Der Knabe in Blau
Genre: Drama
Description: Add a Plot
41. Movie: Back to God's Country
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Description: A woman finds herself all alone in a remote harbor with the man responsible for the murder of her father. With seemingly nobody around to protect her, she has to be resourceful.
42. Movie: Der Herr der Liebe
Genre: Romance, Thriller
Description: Add a Plot
43. Movie: Der gelbe Schatten
Description: Add a Plot
44. Movie: The Hoodlum
Genre: Comedy
Description: A spoiled young rich girl is forced by misfortune to fight for survival in the slums and alleys, where she becomes involved with all manner of unpleasantness.
45. Movie: Heddas Rache
Description: Add a Plot
46. Movie: The Master Mystery
Genre: Mystery
Description: Justice Department agent Quentin Locke must investigate a powerful cartel protected by a robot (here referred to as "The Automaton") and using a gas weapon "The Madagascar Madness".
47. Movie: Dalagang bukid
Genre: Romance
Description: This is the first Filipino feature-length film made by a Filipino director regarded as "Father of Filipino Movies" and is now lost forever. Dalagang Bukid is a story about a young flower ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Girl Who Stayed at Home
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Story of two brothers who go off to France to fight in World War I, the women who love them and an American expatriate living in France who rallies behind his former country.
49. Movie: For Better, for Worse
Genre: Drama
Description: Dr. Edward Meade and friend Richard Burton both love Sylvia Norcross. Both enlist in the military, but Meade stays back to care for deformed children. Sylvia thinks him a coward and marries...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Johnny Get Your Gun
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Add a Plot
