Most Popular Feature Films Released 1965-01-01 to 1965-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Sound of Music
Genre: Biography, Drama, Family
Description: A woman leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the children of a Naval officer widower.
2. Movie: The Sons of Katie Elder
Genre: Western
Description: Ranch owner Katie Elder's four sons determine to avenge the murder of their father and the swindling of their mother.
3. Movie: Doctor Zhivago
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: The life of a Russian physician and poet who, although married to another, falls in love with a political activist's wife and experiences hardship during the First World War and then the October Revolution.
4. Movie: Per qualche dollaro in più
Genre: Western
Description: Two bounty hunters with the same intentions team up to track down a Western outlaw.
5. Movie: Thunderball
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond heads to The Bahamas to recover two nuclear warheads stolen by SPECTRE agent Emilio Largo in an international extortion scheme.
6. Movie: In Harm's Way
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A naval officer reprimanded after Pearl Harbor is later promoted to rear admiral and gets a second chance to prove himself against the Japanese.
7. Movie: A Patch of Blue
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A blind, uneducated white girl is befriended by a black man, who becomes determined to help her escape her impoverished and abusive home life.
8. Movie: The Spy Who Came in from the Cold
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: British agent Alec Leamas refuses to come in from the Cold War during the 1960s, choosing to face another mission, which may prove to be his final one.
9. Movie: Cat Ballou
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Western
Description: A woman seeking revenge for her murdered father hires a famous gunman, but he's very different from what she expects.
10. Movie: Repulsion
Genre: Drama, Horror, Thriller
Description: A sex-repulsed woman who disapproves of her sister's boyfriend sinks into depression and has horrific visions of rape and violence.
11. Movie: The Great Race
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: When a popular daredevil proposes an automobile race across three continents, his arch rival vows to beat him, while an ambitious female reporter has her own plans for victory.
12. Movie: Battle of the Bulge
Genre: Drama, History, War
Description: A dramatization of Nazi Germany's final Western Front counterattack of World War II.
13. Movie: The Flight of the Phoenix
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: After a plane crash in the Sahara, one of the survivors says he's an airplane designer and they can make a flyable plane from the wreckage.
14. Movie: Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
Genre: Action, Comedy
Description: Three go-go dancers holding a young girl hostage come across a crippled old man living with his two sons in the desert. After learning he's hiding a sum of cash around, the women start scheming on him.
15. Movie: How to Stuff a Wild Bikini
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: Frankie, on naval-reserve duty in Tahiti, doesn't trust Dee Dee to stay faithful, so he hires Bwana, a witch doctor, to help. Bwana conjures up a floating bikini, "stuffs" it with Cassandra...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: The Greatest Story Ever Told
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The life of Jesus Christ.
17. Movie: Pierrot le fou
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run.
18. Movie: Major Dundee
Genre: Adventure, War, Western
Description: In 1864, due to frequent Apache raids from Mexico into the US, a Union officer decides to illegally cross the border and destroy the Apache, using a mixed army of Union troops, Confederate POWs, civilian mercenaries and scouts.
19. Movie: The Collector
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A man kidnaps a woman and holds her hostage just for the pleasure of having her there.
20. Movie: That Darn Cat!
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Family
Description: A woman is kidnapped. While in captivity, she manages to send a message out with a wandering cat. The cat's owner calls the FBI. The FBI tries to follow the cat. Jealous boyfriends and nosy...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: Help!
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: Ringo finds himself the human sacrifice target of a cult and the band must try to protect him from it.
22. Movie: The Cincinnati Kid
Genre: Drama
Description: An up-and-coming poker player tries to prove himself in a high-stakes match against a long-time master of the game.
23. Movie: Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines or How I Flew from London to Paris in 25 hours 11 minutes
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: Sabotage efforts damage an international air race.
24. Movie: Shenandoah
Genre: Drama, War, Western
Description: In Shenandoah, Virginia, widower farmer Charlie Anderson lives a peaceful life with his six sons - Jacob, James, Nathan, John, Henry and Boy, his daughter Jennie, and his daughter-in-law ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: What's New Pussycat
Genre: Comedy
Description: A playboy who refuses to give up his hedonistic lifestyle to settle down and marry his true love seeks help from a demented psychoanalyst who is having romantic problems of his own.
26. Movie: Alphaville, une étrange aventure de Lemmy Caution
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A U.S. secret agent is sent to the distant space city of Alphaville where he must find a missing person and free the city from its tyrannical ruler.
27. Movie: The Ipcress File
Genre: Thriller
Description: In London, a counter espionage agent deals with his own bureaucracy while investigating the kidnapping and brainwashing of British scientists.
28. Movie: Akahige
Genre: Drama
Description: In 19th century Japan, a rough tempered yet charitable town doctor trains a young intern.
29. Movie: Darling
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A beautiful but amoral model sleeps her way to the top of the London fashion scene at the height of the Swinging Sixties.
30. Movie: Marriage on the Rocks
Genre: Comedy
Description: Ad-agency president Dan Edwards who, when he goes to Mexico to celebrate his nineteenth wedding anniversary, winds up getting divorced by mistake - whereupon his wife Valerie marries his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: Spaceflight IC-1: An Adventure in Space
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: A spaceship crewman plots a mutiny against the stern leader taking a group of people to settle on a new planet from Earth.
32. Movie: Ship of Fools
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A varied group of passengers boarding a ship bound for post-war Germany represents a microcosm of 1930s society.
33. Movie: The Agony and the Ecstasy
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The biographical story of Michelangelo's troubles while painting the Sistine Chapel at the urging of Pope Julius II.
34. Movie: The Heroes of Telemark
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: Norwegian resistance tries to stop German efforts to produce an atomic bomb component during World War II.
35. Movie: Von Ryan's Express
Genre: Action, Adventure, War
Description: An American POW leads a group of mainly British prisoners to escape from the Germans in WWII.
36. Movie: The Sandpiper
Genre: Drama
Description: A free-spirited single mother forms a connection with the wed headmaster of an Episcopal boarding school in California.
37. Movie: Falstaff (Chimes at Midnight)
Genre: Comedy, Drama, History
Description: The career of Shakespeare's Sir John Falstaff as roistering companion to young Prince Hal, circa 1400-1413.
38. Movie: Morituri
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: A war pacifist is blackmailed to pose as an SS officer and to disable the scuttling explosives on freighter carrying rubber cargo to be captured by the Allies.
39. Movie: The Hill
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In a North African military prison during World War II, five new prisoners struggle to survive in the face of brutal punishment and sadistic guards.
40. Movie: Genghis Khan
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: During the 13th century the shy Mongol boy Temujin becomes the fearless leader Genghis Khan who unites all Mongol tribes and conquers most of Asia, Europe and the Middle-East.
41. Movie: Girl Happy
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A Chicago mobster hires a rock and roll singer and his band to keep an eye on his daughter during Spring Break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
42. Movie: Inside Daisy Clover
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: A tomboy turned movie star deals with the cruelty of Hollywood.
43. Movie: The Naked Prey
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Description: A group of men are on safari. One of the party refuses to give a gift to a tribe they encounter. The tribe is offended, seizes the party, and one-by-one, kills all but one of the safari ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: She
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: An Edwardian archaeologist and two companions stumble upon a lost city in East Africa, run by a beautiful queen whose love holds the promise of immortality.
45. Movie: Beach Blanket Bingo
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: In the fourth of the highly successful Frankie and Annette beach party movies, a motorcycle gang led by Eric Von Zipper kidnaps singing star Sugar Kane managed by Bullets, who hires ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Ten Little Indians
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Ten people are invited to a luxury mountaintop mansion, only to find that an unseen person is killing them one by one. Could one of them be the killer?
47. Movie: Dr. Who and the Daleks
Genre: Adventure, Family, Sci-Fi
Description: An eccentric inventor and his companions travel in his TARDIS to the Planet Skaro and battle the evil menace of the Daleks.
48. Movie: Giulietta degli spiriti
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Fantasy
Description: Visions, memories, and mysticism all help a 40-something woman to find the strength to leave her cheating husband.
49. Movie: Othello
Genre: Drama
Description: A general's marriage is destroyed when a vengeful lieutenant convinces him that his new wife has been unfaithful.
50. Movie: Ballad in Blue
Genre: Drama
Description: Ray Charles attempts to help a down-on-their-luck boozing family whose son is blind. He wants to finance the recovery of his eye-sight, but the family is afraid what might happen if something goes wrong.
