Most Popular Feature Films Released 1925-01-01 to 1925-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Gold Rush
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Drama
Description: A prospector goes to the Klondike in search of gold and finds it and more.
2. Movie: Bronenosets Potyomkin
Genre: Drama, History
Description: A dramatized account of a great Russian naval mutiny and a resulting street demonstration which brought on a police massacre.
3. Movie: Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: A Jewish prince seeks to find his family and revenge himself upon his childhood friend who had him wrongly imprisoned.
4. Movie: The Phantom of the Opera
Genre: Horror
Description: A mad, disfigured composer seeks love with a lovely young opera singer.
5. Movie: The Wizard of Oz
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: Dorothy, heir to the Oz throne, must take it back from the wicked Prime Minister Kruel with the help of three farmhands.
6. Movie: The Big Parade
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: A young American soldier witnesses the horrors of the Great War.
7. Movie: The Pleasure Garden
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Patsy Brand is a chorus girl at the Pleasure Garden music hall. She meets Jill Cheyne who is down on her luck and gets her a job as a dancer. Jill is engaged to adventurer Hugh Fielding and...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
8. Movie: The Freshman
Genre: Comedy, Family, Sport
Description: Nerdy college student will do anything to become popular on campus.
9. Movie: Seven Chances
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A man learns he will inherit a fortune if he marries. By 7 p.m. Today.
10. Movie: Stachka
Genre: Drama
Description: A group of oppressed factory workers go on strike in pre-revolutionary Russia.
11. Movie: The Lost World
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: The first film adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's classic novel about a land where prehistoric creatures still roam.
12. Movie: Die freudlose Gasse
Genre: Drama
Description: Vienna in the biggest depression, directly after WW1. In a slum, Lila Leid, the wife of lawyer Leid is murdered, Egon, secretary of one of Leid's clients is arrested. He was with her, and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
13. Movie: Varieté
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: Prologue: The murderer "Boss" Huller - after having spent ten years in prison - breaks his silence to tell the warden his story. "Boss", a former trapeze artist, and his wife own a cheap ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
14. Movie: The Merry Widow
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A prince must woo the now wealthy dancer he once abandoned in order to keep her money in the country in order to keep it from crashing economically.
15. Movie: The Plastic Age
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sport
Description: Hugh Carver is an athletic star and a freshman at Prescott College. He falls in love with Cynthia Day, a popular girl who loves to go to parties. He finds that it is impossible to please ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: Lady of the Night
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A world-weary prostitute yearns after respectability and the love of an inventor.
17. Movie: The Eagle
Genre: Action, Comedy, Drama
Description: A wanted Russian lieutenant becomes a masked vigilante seeking vengeance upon the man who stole his family's land, only to fall for his charming daughter.
18. Movie: Du skal ære din hustru
Genre: Drama
Description: When a man becomes tyrannical towards his family, the women of the house decide to teach him a lesson in gratitude.
19. Movie: Stella Dallas
Genre: Drama
Description: Stella Dallas is a small town girl who marries the upper class Stephen Dallas, with whom she has nothing in common. After the birth of a daughter, Laurel, the Dallases go their separate ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
20. Movie: Braveheart
Genre: Western
Description: Chief Standing Rock's tribe has a treaty protecting their fishing grounds, but a canning corporation is violating the treaty through intimidation and force. The tribe is divided as to how ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
21. Movie: Go West
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: With little luck at keeping a job in the city a New Yorker tries work in the country and eventually finds his way leading a herd of cattle to the West Coast.
22. Movie: Maciste all'inferno
Genre: Action, Drama, Fantasy
Description: The devil takes Maciste down to hell in an attempt to corrupt and ruin his morality.
23. Movie: Lady Windermere's Fan
Genre: Comedy
Description: A society woman believes her husband is having an affair, a misconception which may have dire personal consequences for all involved.
24. Movie: Herr Tartüff
Genre: Drama
Description: Young man shows his millionaire grandfather a film based on Molire's Tartuffe, in order to expose the old man's hypocritical governess who covets his own inheritance.
25. Movie: The Monster
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Mystery
Description: A meek clerk who doubles as an amateur detective investigates some very strange goings-on at a remote mental sanitarium.
26. Movie: Don Q Son of Zorro
Genre: Adventure, Romance
Description: Don Cesar, son of Zorro, is framed for murder while visiting Spain, and becomes the whip-wielding outlaw Don Q.
27. Movie: The Unholy Three
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: A sideshow ventriloquist, midget, and strongman form a conspiracy known as "The Unholy Three" and commit a series of robberies.
28. Movie: Body and Soul
Genre: Drama
Description: A minister is malevolent and sinister behind his righteous facade. He consorts with, and later extorts from, the owner of a gambling house, and betrays an honest girl, eventually driving ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
29. Movie: Sally of the Sawdust
Genre: Comedy
Description: Judge Foster throws his daughter out because she married a circus man. She leaves her baby girl with Prof. McGargle before she dies. Years later Sally is a dancer with whom Peyton, a son of...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
30. Movie: Pretty Ladies
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Maggie, a headlining comedienne with the Follies, takes a fall off the stage into the orchestra pit and lands on the drum of musician Al Cassidy. One thing leads to another, they fall in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: The Vanishing American
Genre: Western
Description: History, as portrayed in this film, has been a succession of conquests of stronger races over weaker ones. As played out on the stage of Monument Valley, long ago, tribes of Indians ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: North Star
Genre: Drama
Description: Melodrama about a man who heads into the Northwest after he mistakenily believes he has killed another man and is followed there by his sister.
33. Movie: Cobra
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A penniless, skirt-chasing Italian nobleman finds love and scandal when he travels to New York City.
34. Movie: The Circle
Genre: Drama
Description: Elizabeth Cheney has a wealthy husband, social prominence and everything she could want in life . . . except Ted Lutton, the man she loves. Now, she must decide whether to give up ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Hachikô
Description: The true story about Hachiko, Japan's most famous dog.
36. Movie: Little Annie Rooney
Genre: Drama, Comedy
Description: The tenements are home to an international community, including the friends and family of a tough young ragamuffin named Annie Rooney, but their neighborhood may be threatened by a potentially dangerous street gang.
37. Movie: Riders of the Purple Sage
Genre: Western
Description: A Texas Ranger searches for his kidnapped sister.
38. Movie: Sally, Irene and Mary
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: The three are showgirls, each with a different approach to life and love. Sally wants wealth and gets it finally in Marcus. Mary plots and schemes but winds up with salt-of-the-earth Jimmy....See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: La fille de l'eau
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: After her father's death and her uncle having drunk all the inheritance, Virginia is left alone. She is accepted by a family of bohemians but a quarrel between the bohemians and the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Madame Sans-Gêne
Genre: Comedy
Description: A French washerwoman becomes a duchess and a friend of Napoleon.
41. Movie: A Woman of the World
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A sensual European countess arrives at a small American town where she quickly provokes moral outrage from the community. Upon arriving, even before she steps out of her taxi a district ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Visages d'enfants
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Romance
Description: A man whose wife has died remarries, and his new wife has a daughter of her own from a previous marriage. The man's young son, however, who loved his mother deeply and misses her terribly, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Dick Turpin
Genre: Adventure
Description: About a vicious highway man in the 1700's
44. Movie: Stage Struck
Genre: Comedy
Description: A young woman dreams of becoming a great actress. When her boyfriend starts to flirt with an actual actress, she becomes jealous and decides to fight with her rival.
45. Movie: The Salvation Hunters
Genre: Drama
Description: A cowardly young man, a bitter young woman and a helpless child live on the docks, spend their days full of ennui watching a dredge dig the same hole day in and day out, chased around by ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Kiss Me Again
Genre: Comedy
Description: Gaston Fleury's ( Monte Blue ) wife, Loulou ( Marie Prevost ), takes a perfunctory interest in music but a deeper one in a musician named Maurice ( John Roche ). Although Gaston has no ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: The Denial
Genre: Drama
Description: Beautiful Mildred Hucks is in love with young Lyman Webb, but her mother is determined to marry off Mildred to an elderly millionaire. When the Spanish-American War breaks out in 1898, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Poil de carotte
Genre: Drama
Description: Franois' mother, Mme Lepic, hates him and she nicknames him "Poil de Carotte" (Carrot hair). His father is more interested in politics and hunting that he is in him. In spite of the ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: She
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: In Africa an explorer is the reincarnated lover of the 2,000-year-old White Queen.
50. Movie: A Slave of Fashion
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Add a Plot
