Most Popular Feature Films Released 2002-01-01 to 2002-12-31 : 
1. Movie: xXx
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: An extreme sports athlete, Xander Cage, is recruited by the government on a special mission.
2. Movie: Gangs of New York
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: In 1863, Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points area of New York City seeking revenge against Bill the Butcher, his father's killer.
3. Movie: The Ring
Genre: Horror, Mystery
Description: A journalist must investigate a mysterious videotape which seems to cause the death of anyone in a week of viewing it.
4. Movie: Resident Evil
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A special military unit fights a powerful, out-of-control supercomputer and hundreds of scientists who have mutated into flesh-eating creatures after a laboratory accident.
5. Movie: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Genre: Adventure, Family, Fantasy
Description: Harry ignores warnings not to return to Hogwarts, only to find the school plagued by a series of mysterious attacks and a strange voice haunting him.
6. Movie: Spider-Man
Genre: Action, Adventure
Description: When bitten by a genetically modified spider, a nerdy, shy, and awkward high school student gains spider-like abilities that he eventually must use to fight evil as a superhero after tragedy befalls his family.
7. Movie: Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Ten years after initially meeting, Anakin Skywalker shares a forbidden romance with Padm, while Obi-Wan investigates an assassination attempt on the Senator and discovers a secret clone army crafted for the Jedi.
8. Movie: Catch Me If You Can
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The true story ofFrank Abagnale Jr.who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars' worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor.
9. Movie: Cidade de Deus
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Two boys growing up in a violent neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro take different paths: one becomes a photographer, the other a drug dealer.
10. Movie: The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
Description: While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard.
11. Movie: The Pianist
Genre: Biography, Drama, War
Description: A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.
12. Movie: Die Another Day
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul who is funding the development of an international space weapon.
13. Movie: Signs
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.
14. Movie: Irréversible
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass.
15. Movie: Minority Report
Genre: Action, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder.
16. Movie: 28 Days Later...
Genre: Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Four weeks after a mysterious, incurable virus spreads throughout the UK, a handful of survivors try to find sanctuary.
17. Movie: A Walk to Remember
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The story of two North Carolina teens, Landon Carter and Jamie Sullivan, who are thrown together after Landon gets into trouble and is made to do community service.
18. Movie: 8 Mile
Genre: Drama, Music
Description: A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make it big but his friends and foes make this odyssey of rap harder than it may seem.
19. Movie: The Bourne Identity
Genre: Action, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and regain his memory.
20. Movie: Chicago
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Musical
Description: Murderesses Velma Kelly and Roxie Hart find themselves on death row together and fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows in 1920s Chicago.
21. Movie: Secretary
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A young woman, recently released from a mental hospital, gets a job as a secretary to a demanding lawyer, where their employer-employee relationship turns into a sexual, sadomasochistic one.
22. Movie: The Count of Monte Cristo
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A young man, falsely imprisoned by his jealous "friend," escapes and uses a hidden treasure to exact his revenge.
23. Movie: Scooby-Doo
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: After an acrimonious break up, the Mystery Inc. gang are individually brought to an island resort to investigate strange goings on.
24. Movie: Road to Perdition
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Bonds of loyalty are put to the test when a hitman's son witnesses what his father does for a living.
25. Movie: Red Dragon
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A retired FBI agent with psychological gifts is assigned to help track down "The Tooth Fairy", a mysterious serial killer; aiding him is imprisoned criminal genius Hannibal "The Cannibal" Lecter.
26. Movie: Insomnia
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
27. Movie: We Were Soldiers
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it.
28. Movie: Unfaithful
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling.
29. Movie: Cabin Fever
Genre: Comedy, Horror
Description: A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals.
30. Movie: Equilibrium
Genre: Action, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: In a fascist future where all forms of feeling are illegal, a man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system.
31. Movie: Sweet Home Alabama
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A young woman who's reinvented herself as a New York socialite must return home to Alabama to obtain a divorce from her husband, after seven years of separation.
32. Movie: Blade II
Genre: Action, Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: Blade forms an uneasy alliance with the vampire council in order to combat the Reapers, who are feeding on vampires.
33. Movie: Lilo &amp; Stitch
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A Hawaiian girl adopts an unusual pet who is actually a notorious extra-terrestrial fugitive from the law.
34. Movie: My Big Fat Greek Wedding
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: A young Greek woman falls in love with a non-Greek and struggles to get her family to accept him while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity.
35. Movie: Panic Room
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A divorced woman and her diabetic daughter take refuge in their newly-purchased house's safe room, when three men break-in, searching for a missing fortune.
36. Movie: The Sum of All Fears
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: CIA analyst Jack Ryan must stop the plans of a Neo Nazis faction that threatens to induce a catastrophic conflict between the United States and Russia's newly elected president by detonating a nuclear weapon at a football game in Baltimore.
37. Movie: The Rookie
Genre: Drama, Family, Sport
Description: A Texas baseball coach makes the major league after agreeing to try out if his high school team made the playoffs.
38. Movie: The Hot Chick
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy
Description: An attractive and popular teenager who is mean-spirited toward others finds herself in the body of an older man, and must find a way to get back to her original body.
39. Movie: Blue Crush
Genre: Drama, Romance, Sport
Description: As a hard-core surfer girl prepares for a big competition, she finds herself falling for a football player.
40. Movie: Ying xiong
Genre: Action, Adventure, History
Description: A defense officer, Nameless, was summoned by the King of Qin regarding his success of terminating three warriors.
41. Movie: Reign of Fire
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A brood of fire-breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze, establishing dominance over the planet.
42. Movie: The Hours
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The story of how the novel "Mrs. Dalloway" affects three generations of women, all of whom, in one way or another, have had to deal with suicide in their lives.
43. Movie: Ken Park
Genre: Drama
Description: Ken Park is about several Californian skateboarders' lives and relationships with and without their parents.
44. Movie: About a Boy
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A cynical, immature young man is taught how to act like a grown-up by a little boy.
45. Movie: Van Wilder
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: The most popular kid on campus meets a beautiful journalist who makes him realize that maybe he's afraid to graduate.
46. Movie: Star Trek: Nemesis
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: The Enterprise is diverted to the Romulan homeworld Romulus, supposedly because they want to negotiate a peace treaty.
47. Movie: Maid in Manhattan
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A senatorial candidate falls for a hotel maid, thinking she is a socialite when he sees her trying on a wealthy woman's dress.
48. Movie: Mr. Deeds
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A sweet-natured, small-town guy inherits a controlling stake in a media conglomerate and begins to do business his way.
49. Movie: Bend It Like Beckham
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The daughter of orthodox Sikh rebels against her parents' traditionalism and joins a football team.
50. Movie: Adaptation.
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A lovelorn screenwriter becomes desperate as he tries and fails to adapt 'The Orchid Thief' bySusan Orleanfor the screen.
