Most Popular Feature Films Released 1956-01-01 to 1956-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Searchers
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Western
Description: A Civil War veteran embarks on a journey to rescue his niece from an Indian tribe.
2. Movie: The Ten Commandments
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Drama
Description: The Egyptian Prince, Moses, learns of his true heritage as a Hebrew and his divine mission as the deliverer of his people.
3. Movie: Forbidden Planet
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A starship crew goes to investigate the silence of a planet's colony only to find two survivors and a deadly secret that one of them has.
4. Movie: Giant
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: Sprawling epic covering the life of a Texas cattle rancher and his family and associates.
5. Movie: The King and I
Genre: Biography, Drama, Musical
Description: A widow accepts a job as a live-in governess to the King of Siam's children.
6. Movie: The Man Who Knew Too Much
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A family vacationing in Morocco accidentally stumble on to an assassination plot and the conspirators are determined to prevent them from interfering.
7. Movie: Around the World in Eighty Days
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: A Victorian Englishman bets that with the new steamships and railways he can circumnavigate the globe in eighty days.
8. Movie: High Society
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: C.K. Dexter-Haven, a successful popular jazz musician, lives in a mansion near his ex-wife's Tracy Lord's family estate. She is on the verge of marrying a man blander and safer than Dex, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
9. Movie: The Killing
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: Crooks plan and execute a daring race-track robbery.
10. Movie: Moby Dick
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: The sole survivor of a lost whaling ship relates the tale of his captain's self-destructive obsession to hunt the white whale, Moby Dick.
11. Movie: The Conqueror
Genre: Adventure, Biography, History
Description: Mongol chief Temujin battles against Tartar armies and for the love of the Tartar princess Bortai. Temujin becomes the emperor Genghis Khan.
12. Movie: The Harder They Fall
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Sport
Description: Down-on-his-luck ex-sportswriter Eddie Willis is hired by shady fight promoter Nick Benko to promote his latest find, an unknown but easily exploitable phenom from Argentina.
13. Movie: War and Peace
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Napoleon's tumultuous relations with Russia including his disastrous 1812 invasion serve as the backdrop for the tangled personal lives of two aristocratic families.
14. Movie: Carousel
Genre: Drama, Musical
Description: Billy Bigelow has been dead for fifteen years, and now outside the pearly gates, he long waived his right to go back to Earth for a day. But he has heard that there is a problem with his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
15. Movie: Invasion of the Body Snatchers
Genre: Horror, Sci-Fi
Description: A small-town doctor learns that the population of his community is being replaced by emotionless alien duplicates.
16. Movie: The Bad Seed
Genre: Crime, Drama, Horror
Description: A housewife suspects that her seemingly perfect eight year-old daughter is a heartless killer.
17. Movie: Et Dieu... créa la femme
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: In sunny St. Tropez, a young sexpot loves one brother but marries the other.
18. Movie: The Wrong Man
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir
Description: True story of an innocent man mistaken for a criminal.
19. Movie: Lust for Life
Genre: Biography, Drama
Description: The life of brilliant but tortured artist Vincent van Gogh.
20. Movie: Bundle of Joy
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: After finding a baby outside an orphanage, a salesgirl receives sympathy from those around her, including her boss' son, as they all assume the baby is hers.
21. Movie: Baby Doll
Genre: Drama
Description: A steamy tale of two Southern rivals and a sensuous nineteen-year-old virgin.
22. Movie: Anastasia
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: An opportunistic Russian businessman tries to pass a mysterious impostor as the Grand Duchess Anastasia. But she is so convincing in her performance that even the biggest skeptics believe her.
23. Movie: The Brave One
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A young Mexican boy tirelessly tries to save his pet bull from death at the hands of a celebrated matador.
24. Movie: The Green Man
Genre: Comedy
Description: Work has been going with a bang for freelance assassin Hawkins but a job in England just after the war is a different matter. His apparently easy target, a pompous government minister, is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Bus Stop
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A naive but stubborn cowboy falls in love with a saloon singer and tries to take her away against her will to get married and live on his ranch in Montana.
26. Movie: Alexander the Great
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The life and military conquests of Alexander III of Macedon (20/21 July 356 - 10/11 June 323 BC), commonly known as Alexander the Great.
27. Movie: Written on the Wind
Genre: Drama
Description: Alcoholic playboy Kyle Hadley marries the woman secretly loved by his poor but hard-working best friend, who in turn is pursued by Kyle's nymphomaniac sister.
28. Movie: Love Me Tender
Genre: Drama, Romance, Western
Description: At the end of the Civil War, a Confederate team is ordered to rob a Union payroll train but the war ends leaving these men with their Union loot, until the Feds come looking for it.
29. Movie: Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut
Genre: Drama, Thriller, War
Description: A French Resistance fighter named Franois Leterrier attempts to escape a Nazi occupied prison while he awaits a death sentence.
30. Movie: Trapeze
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A crippled circus acrobat is torn emotionally between two ambitious young trapeze artists, one a talented young American and a less-gifted but beautiful Italian.
31. Movie: Somebody Up There Likes Me
Genre: Biography, Drama, Sport
Description: Boxer Rocky Graziano's biopic, based on his autobiography, from childhood to his World Middleweight Championship title win at age 28 in 1947.
32. Movie: 1984
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: George Orwell's novel of a totalitarian future society in which a man whose daily work is rewriting history tries to rebel by falling in love.
33. Movie: Seven Men from Now
Genre: Action, Western
Description: A former sheriff blames himself for his wife's death during a Wells Fargo robbery and vows to track down and kill the seven men responsible.
34. Movie: Notre-Dame de Paris
Genre: Drama, History
Description: The timeless tale of the seductive gypsy Esmeralda and the tortured hunchback Quasimodo.
35. Movie: The Teahouse of the August Moon
Genre: Comedy
Description: This comedy-drama is partially a gentle satire on America's drive to change the world in the post-war years. One year after World War II, Captain Fisby is sent to the village of Tobiki in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: Friendly Persuasion
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: The pacifist attitude of a Quaker family is tested as a result of the American Civil War.
37. Movie: The Rainmaker
Genre: Romance, Western
Description: Lizzie Curry is on the verge of becoming a hopeless old maid. Her wit and intelligence and skills as a homemaker can't make up for the fact that she's just plain plain! Even the town ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: World Without End
Genre: Adventure, Romance, Sci-Fi
Description: Astronauts returning from a voyage to Mars are caught in a time warp and are propelled into a post-Apocalyptic Earth populated by mutants.
39. Movie: While the City Sleeps
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: A serial killer has been killing beautiful women in New York, and the new owner of a media company offers a high ranking job to the 1st administrator who can get the earliest scoops on the case.
40. Movie: ¡Aquí hay petróleo!
Genre: Comedy
Description: In a Spanish town that has been dying of thirst for years, some Americans who claim to be experts in oil prospecting say that there is oil. Considering the evidence of the treasure that ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Safari
Genre: Adventure
Description: During the Mau Mau Uprising in British Kenya in the 1950s, settler-hunter Ken Duffield is a hired guide for a lion hunting party but he also hopes to find the Mau Mau rebel who killed his family.
42. Movie: Satellite in the Sky
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: The British launch the world's first orbital vehicle. Their military sends a super-bomb along, which goes wrong and threatens the crew and a stowaway.
43. Movie: Bob le flambeur
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Bob, an old gangster and gambler is almost broke, so he decides in spite of the warnings of a friend, a high official from the police, to rob a gambling casino in Dauville. Everything is ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
44. Movie: The Man Who Never Was
Genre: War, Drama
Description: True story of a British attempt to trick the enemy into weakening Sicily's defenses before the 1943 attack, using a dead man with faked papers.
45. Movie: Beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Genre: Crime, Film-Noir, Drama
Description: A novelist aided by his future father-in-law conspires to frame himself in the murder of a stripper as part of an effort to ban capital punishment.
46. Movie: The Swan
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Drama
Description: Princess Beatrice's days of enjoying the regal life are numbered unless her only daughter, Princess Alexandra, makes a good impression on a distant cousin when he pays a surprise visit to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Battle Stations
Genre: Drama, War
Description: The crew of a U.S. Navy ship in World War II goes into battle against the Japanese fleet.
48. Movie: Aparajito
Genre: Drama
Description: Following his father's death, a boy leaves home to study in Calcutta, while his mother must face a life alone.
49. Movie: Anything Goes
Genre: Musical
Description: Bill Benson and Ted Adams are to appear in a Broadway show together and, while in Paris, each 'discovers' the perfect leading lady for the plum female role. Each promises the prize role to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: The Catered Affair
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: At breakfast, Jane announces that she and Ralph are getting married the next week. All Jane and Ralph want is a small wedding with the immediate family and no reception. This is because ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
