Most Popular Feature Films Released 1952-01-01 to 1952-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Singin' in the Rain
Genre: Comedy, Musical, Romance
Description: A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
2. Movie: Room for One More
Genre: Comedy
Description: A fairly well-to-do family takes in 2 troubled orphans since no one else will take them.
3. Movie: High Noon
Genre: Drama, Thriller, Western
Description: A marshall, personally compelled to face a returning deadly enemy, finds that his own town refuses to help him.
4. Movie: The Greatest Show on Earth
Genre: Drama, Family, Romance
Description: The dramatic lives of trapeze artists, a clown, and an elephant trainer are told against a background of circus spectacle.
5. Movie: Million Dollar Mermaid
Genre: Biography, Drama, Musical
Description: Biopic of Australian swimming champ and entertainer Annette Kellerman. After overcoming polio, Kellerman achieves fame and creates a scandal when her one-piece bathing suit is considered indecent.
6. Movie: The Quiet Man
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A retired American boxer returns to the village of his birth in Ireland, where he finds love.
7. Movie: Ikiru
Genre: Drama
Description: A bureaucrat tries to find a meaning in his life after he discovers he has terminal cancer.
8. Movie: Don't Bother to Knock
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery
Description: After being dumped by his girlfriend, an airline pilot pursues a babysitter in his hotel and gradually realizes she's dangerous.
9. Movie: Monkey Business
Genre: Comedy
Description: A chemist finds his personal and professional life turned upside down when one of his chimpanzees finds the fountain of youth.
10. Movie: Viva Zapata!
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The story of Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata, who led a rebellion against the corrupt, oppressive dictatorship of president Porfirio Diaz in the early 20th century.
11. Movie: Moulin Rouge
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: Fictional account of French artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec.
12. Movie: Limelight
Genre: Drama, Music, Romance
Description: A fading comedian and a suicidally despondent ballet dancer must look to each other to find meaning and hope in their lives.
13. Movie: Bend of the River
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: When a town boss confiscates homesteader's supplies after gold is discovered nearby, a tough cowboy risks his life to try and get it to them.
14. Movie: The Lawless Breed
Genre: Western
Description: After being released from prison, former gun-fighter John Wesley Hardin hopes to have his autobiography published in order to rehabilitate his tarnished reputation.
15. Movie: Ivanhoe
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: A knight seeks to free the captive King Richard and put him back on the throne.
16. Movie: The Bad and the Beautiful
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An unscrupulous movie producer uses an actress, a director and a writer to achieve success.
17. Movie: The Story of Will Rogers
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: The homespun humorist and social critic starts as a cowboy and goes on to vaudeville, movies, radio.
18. Movie: The Snows of Kilimanjaro
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Writer Harry Street reflects on his life as he lies dying from an infection while on safari in the shadow of Mount Kilamanjaro.
19. Movie: Sudden Fear
Genre: Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: After an ambitious actor insinuates himself into the life of a wealthy middle-aged playwright and marries her, he plots with his mistress to murder her.
20. Movie: Hans Christian Andersen
Genre: Biography, Family, Musical
Description: The opening scene of the movie describes it best: "Once upon a time there lived in Denmark a great storyteller named Hans Christian Andersen. This is not the story of his life, but a fairy tale about the great spinner of fairy tales."
21. Movie: Umberto D.
Genre: Drama
Description: An elderly man and his dog struggle to survive on his government pension in Rome.
22. Movie: The Crimson Pirate
Genre: Adventure, Comedy
Description: Burt Lancaster plays a pirate with a taste for intrigue and acrobatics who involves himself in the goings on of a revolution in the Caribbean in the late 1700s. A light hearted adventure ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Valkoinen peura
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A newly wed woman goes to the local shaman to get some help with her lovelife, but instead gets turned into a white reindeer vampire.
24. Movie: Folly to Be Wise
Genre: Comedy
Description: Newly arrived Army chaplin Captain Paris (Alastair Sim) attempts to book various acts for the entertainment of a troop of soldiers.
25. Movie: Clash by Night
Genre: Drama, Film-Noir, Romance
Description: Mae Doyle comes back to her hometown a cynical woman. Her brother Joe fears that his love, fish cannery worker Peggy, may wind up like Mae. Mae marries Jerry and has a baby; she is happy but restless, drawn to Jerry's friend Earl.
26. Movie: Deadline - U.S.A.
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: With his newspaper about to be sold, crusading editor Ed Hutcheson tries to complete an expos on gangster Rienzi.
27. Movie: Scaramouche
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: 18th century France. A man sets out to avenge the death of his friend at the hands of a master swordsman.
28. Movie: The Importance of Being Earnest
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: When Algernon discovers that his friend, Ernest, has created a fictional brother for whenever he needs a reason to escape dull country life, Algernon poses as the brother, resulting in ever increasing confusion.
29. Movie: The Sound Barrier
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Fictionalized story of British aerospace engineers solving the problem of supersonic flight.
30. Movie: The Big Sky
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: The success of the journey focuses on keeping the Indian girl alive as well as themselves to complete trade with the Blackfeet.
31. Movie: Okinawa
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: Basically the story of the sea battle for Okinawa between the ships of the U.S. Navy and the Japanese suicide planes---the Kamaikazes---and, as such, is filled with stock footage from ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
32. Movie: The Cimarron Kid
Genre: Western
Description: Audie Murphy comes into his own as a Western star in this story. Wrongly accused by crooked railroad officials of aiding a train heist by his old friends the Daltons, he joins their gang ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: Come Back, Little Sheba
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: An emotionally remote recovering alcoholic and his dowdy, unambitious wife face a personal crisis when they take in an attractive lodger.
34. Movie: Pat and Mike
Genre: Comedy, Romance, Sport
Description: Pat is a women's sports sensation unless her fianc is around. Her new shady manager Mike keeps them apart and develops feelings for her.
35. Movie: Road to Bali
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: Two unemployed show-biz pals accept treasure-diving work in Bali for a local princess and they find treasure,love and trouble.
36. Movie: Kansas City Confidential
Genre: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
Description: An ex-con trying to go straight is framed for a million dollar armored car robbery and must go to Mexico in order to unmask the real culprits.
37. Movie: Jeux interdits
Genre: Drama, War
Description: A young French girl orphaned in a Nazi air attack is befriended by the son of a poor farmer, and together they try to come to terms with the realities of death.
38. Movie: Don Camillo
Genre: Comedy
Description: In a village of the Po valley where the earth is hard and life miserly, the priest and the communist mayor are always fighting to be the head of the community. If in secret, they admired ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: Rancho Notorious
Genre: Western
Description: After the murder of his fiance, a Wyoming ranch hand sets out to find her killer.
40. Movie: Europa '51
Genre: Drama
Description: Irene Girard is an ambassador's wife and used to living in luxury. After the dramatic death of her son, she feels guilty of having neglected him and feels compelled to help people in need ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men
Genre: Action, Adventure, Family
Description: Young Robin Hood, in love with Maid Marian, enters an archery contest with his father at the King's palace. On the way home his father is murdered by hench men of Prince John. Robin takes ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Against All Flags
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: Brian Hawke of the Royal Navy versus the pirates of Madagascar.
43. Movie: You're Only Young Twice
Genre: Comedy
Description: Ada Shore is mistaken for a new secretary, she brings a breath of fresh air to the traditional university.
44. Movie: My Cousin Rachel
Genre: Mystery, Romance, Drama
Description: A young man plots revenge against the woman he believes murdered his cousin, but his plans are shaken when he comes face to face with the enigmatic beauty.
45. Movie: Saikaku ichidai onna
Genre: Drama
Description: Follows a woman's fight and survival amid the vicissitudes of life and the cruelty of the society.
46. Movie: We're Not Married!
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: In separate stories, five wedded couples learn that they are not legally married.
47. Movie: The Member of the Wedding
Genre: Drama
Description: A young tomboy named Frankie is forced to face her own immaturity as a result her older brother's wedding.
48. Movie: Macao
Genre: Adventure, Crime, Drama
Description: Nick Cochran, an American in exile in Macao, has a chance to restore his name by helping capture an international crime lord. Undercover, can he mislead the bad guys and still woo the handsome singer/petty crook, Julie Benson?
49. Movie: The Narrow Margin
Genre: Film-Noir, Thriller
Description: A woman planning to testify against the mob must be protected against their assassins on the train trip from Chicago to Los Angeles.
50. Movie: O. Henry's Full House
Genre: Drama
Description: John Steinbeck introduces a quintet of five of O. Henry's most celebrated stories from his New York Period (1902-1910) in this anthology film.
