Most Popular Feature Films Released 1969-01-01 to 1969-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Two Western bank/train robbers flee to Bolivia when the law gets too close.
2. Movie: Easy Rider
Genre: Adventure, Drama
Description: Two counterculture bikers travel from Los Angeles to New Orleans in search of America.
3. Movie: Midnight Cowboy
Genre: Drama
Description: A naive hustler travels from Texas to New York to seek personal fortune but, in the process, finds himself a new friend.
4. Movie: The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A headstrong young teacher in a private school in 1930s Edinburgh ignores the curriculum and influences her impressionable 12 year old charges with her over-romanticized world view.
5. Movie: The Italian Job
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Comic caper movie about a plan to steal a gold shipment from the streets of Turin by creating a traffic jam.
6. Movie: On Her Majesty's Secret Service
Genre: Action, Adventure, Thriller
Description: James Bond woos a mob boss's daughter and goes undercover to uncover the true reason for Blofeld's allergy research in the Swiss Alps that involves beautiful women from around the world.
7. Movie: True Grit
Genre: Adventure, Western, Drama
Description: A drunken, hard-nosed U.S. Marshal and a Texas Ranger help a stubborn teenager track down her father's murderer in Indian territory.
8. Movie: Hello, Dolly!
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Musical
Description: Matchmaker Dolly Levi travels to Yonkers to find a partner for "half-a-millionaire" Horace Vandergelder, convincing his niece, his niece's intended, and his two clerks to travel to New York City along the way.
9. Movie: The Learning Tree
Genre: Drama
Description: The story, set in Kansas during the 1920s, covers less than a year in the life of a black teenager, and documents the veritable deluge of events which force him into sudden manhood. The ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
10. Movie: The Wild Bunch
Genre: Action, Adventure, Western
Description: An aging group of outlaws look for one last big score as the "traditional" American West is disappearing around them.
11. Movie: Battle of Britain
Genre: Action, Drama, History
Description: In 1940, the British Royal Air Force fights a desperate battle to prevent the Luftwaffe from gaining air superiority over the English Channel as a prelude to a possible Axis invasion of the UK.
12. Movie: Fellini - Satyricon
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, History
Description: A series of disjointed mythical tales set in first century Rome.
13. Movie: Kes
Genre: Drama, Family
Description: A young, English working-class boy spends his free time caring for and training his pet falcon.
14. Movie: Paint Your Wagon
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Musical
Description: Two unlikely prospector partners share the same wife in a California gold rush mining town.
15. Movie: They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
Genre: Drama
Description: The lives of a disparate group of contestants intertwine in an inhumanely grueling dance marathon.
16. Movie: Sweet Charity
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Music
Description: Taxi dancer Charity continues to have Faith in the human race despite apparently endless disappointments at its hands, and Hope that she will finally meet the nice young man to romance her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
17. Movie: Women in Love
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Two best friends fall in love with a pair of women, but the relationships soon go in very different directions.
18. Movie: 100 Rifles
Genre: Adventure, Romance, War
Description: In 19th century Mexico, a native revolutionary, Yaqui Joe, robs a bank to buy arms for his oppressed people but he finds himself wanted by American lawmen and the Mexican Army.
19. Movie: Cactus Flower
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A dentist pretends to be married to avoid commitment, but when he falls for his girlfriend and proposes, he must recruit his lovelorn nurse to pose as his wife.
20. Movie: Zeta One
Genre: Comedy, Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Description: A race of topless, large-breasted women from the planet Angvia, in another dimension, come to earth to kidnap women to repopulate their planet.
21. Movie: Support Your Local Sheriff!
Genre: Action, Comedy, Romance
Description: In the old west, a man becomes a sheriff just for the pay, figuring he can decamp if things get tough. In the end, he uses ingenuity instead.
22. Movie: Topaz
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A French intelligence agent becomes embroiled in the Cold War politics first with uncovering the events leading up to the 1962 Cuban Missle Crisis, and then back to France to break up an international Russian spy ring.
23. Movie: The Haunted House of Horror
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Thriller
Description: Teenagers gathered in an old mansion are being murdered one by one. The survivors must discover who among them is the killer before he finishes off everybody.
24. Movie: Bob &amp; Carol &amp; Ted &amp; Alice
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Documentary film-maker Bob Sanders and his wife Carol attend a group therapy session that serves as the backdrop for the opening scenes of the film. Returning to their Los Angeles home, the...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
25. Movie: Mackenna's Gold
Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance
Description: A bandit kidnaps a Marshal who has seen a map showing a gold vein on Indian lands, but other groups are looking for it too, while the Apache try to keep the secret location undisturbed.
26. Movie: The Magic Christian
Genre: Comedy
Description: Sir Guy Grand, the richest man in the world, adopts a homeless boy, Youngman. Together, they set out to prove that anyone--and anything--can be bought with money.
27. Movie: Ma nuit chez Maud
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: The rigid principles of a devout Catholic man are challenged during a one-night stay with Maud, a divorced woman with an outsize personality.
28. Movie: La caduta degli dei (Götterdämmerung)
Genre: Drama, War
Description: The dramatic collapse of a wealthy, industrialist/Junker family during the reign of the Third Reich.
29. Movie: The Army of Shadows
Genre: Drama, War
Description: An account of underground resistance fighters in Nazi-occupied France.
30. Movie: La piscine
Genre: Crime, Drama, Romance
Description: In France, lovers Marianne and Jean-Paul spend their vacation in a villa near St-Tropez. Marianne invites her former lover, Harry, and his teenage daughter to stay. Tension rises between them, especially when Jean-Paul seduces Penelope.
31. Movie: Anne of the Thousand Days
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Henry VIII of England discards one wife, Katharine of Aragon, who has failed to produce a male heir, in favor of the young and beautiful Anne Boleyn.
32. Movie: Pippi Långstrump
Genre: Adventure, Family
Description: Pippi Longstocking, a super-strong redheaded little girl, moves into her father's cottage Villa Villekulla, and has adventures with her next-door neighbors Tommy and Annika in this compilation film of the classic Swedish TV series.
33. Movie: Age of Consent
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: An elderly artist thinks he has become too stale and is past his prime. His friend (and agent) persuades him to go to an off-shore island to try once more. On the island he rediscovers his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
34. Movie: The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes
Genre: Family, Comedy
Description: Some college students manage to persuade the town's big businessman, A. J. Arno, to donate a computer to their college. When the problem- student, Dexter Riley, tries to fix the computer, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
35. Movie: Stereo
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: Sometime in the future, the Canadian Academy for Erotic Inquiry is investigating the theories of parapsychologist Luther Stringfellow. Seven young adults volunteer to submit to a form of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
36. Movie: The Illustrated Man
Genre: Sci-Fi
Description: The Illustrated Man is classic Bradbury, a collection of eighteen startling visions of humankind's destiny, unfolding across a canvas of decorated skin, visions as keen as the tattooist's ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: The Undefeated
Genre: Western
Description: After the Civil War, ex-Union Colonel John Henry Thomas and ex-Confederate Colonel James Langdon are leading two disparate groups of people through strife-torn Mexico. John Henry and ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Marquis de Sade: Justine
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A woman named Justine is used and abused by all manner of perverts, freaks and sexual deviants.
39. Movie: Carry on Camping
Genre: Comedy
Description: Sid and Bernie keep having their amorous intentions snubbed by their girlfriends Joan and Anthea. The boys suggest a camping holiday, secretly intending to take them to a nudist camp. Of ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
40. Movie: Take the Money and Run
Genre: Comedy, Crime
Description: The life and times of Virgil Starkwell, inept bank robber.
41. Movie: Z
Genre: Crime, Drama, History
Description: Following the murder of a prominent leftist, an investigator tries to uncover the truth while government officials attempt to cover up their roles.
42. Movie: Guns of the Magnificent Seven
Genre: Action, Western
Description: A Mexican revolutionary hires an American gunslinger to organize the rescue of their leader from a brutal army prison.
43. Movie: The Bridge at Remagen
Genre: Action, Drama, War
Description: As the Allied armies close in, the Germans decide to blow up the last Rhine bridge, trapping their own men on the wrong side. But will it happen?
44. Movie: Change of Habit
Genre: Crime, Drama, Music
Description: An incognito nun tries to help a doctor clean up an inner city ghetto, with the pair growing closer as time goes on.
45. Movie: The Arrangement
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A suicidal advertising executive is forced to re-evaluate his life while dealing with his unhappy marriage, his mistress, and his aging father.
46. Movie: My Side of the Mountain
Genre: Adventure, Family
Description: As young Sam grisly runs away he learns about nature.
47. Movie: Queimada
Genre: Action, Drama
Description: The professional mercenary Sir William Walker instigates a slave revolt on the Caribbean island of Queimada in order to help improve the British sugar trade. Years later he is sent again to...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: Alice's Restaurant
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: A cinematic adaption of Arlo Guthrie's classic song story.
49. Movie: Putney Swope
Genre: Comedy
Description: Dark satire in which the token black man on the executive board of an advertising firm is accidentally put in charge. Renaming the business "Truth and Soul, Inc.", he replaces the tight ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
50. Movie: Marooned
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: Three American astronauts are stranded in space when their retros won't fire. Can they be rescued before their oxygen runs out?
