Most Popular Feature Films Released 1966-01-01 to 1966-12-31 : 
1. Movie: Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo
Genre: Western
Description: A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery.
2. Movie: Blowup
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A mod London photographer finds something very suspicious in the shots he has taken of a mysterious beauty in a desolate park.
3. Movie: Batman: The Movie
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: The Dynamic Duo faces four supervillains who plan to hold the world for ransom with the help of a secret invention that instantly dehydrates people.
4. Movie: Fahrenheit 451
Genre: Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: In an oppressive future, a fireman whose duty is to destroy all books begins to question his task.
5. Movie: Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Genre: Drama
Description: A bitter, aging couple, with the help of alcohol, use a young couple to fuel anguish and emotional pain towards each other.
6. Movie: Persona
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A nurse is put in charge of a mute actress and finds that their personas are melding together.
7. Movie: Nevada Smith
Genre: Western
Description: A naive half-Indian, half-white teenager evolves into a hardened killer as he tracks down his parents' murderers.
8. Movie: Manos: The Hands of Fate
Genre: Horror
Description: A family gets lost on the road and stumbles upon a hidden, underground, devil-worshiping cult led by the fearsome Master and his servant Torgo.
9. Movie: How to Steal a Million
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Romance
Description: Romantic comedy about a woman who must steal a statue from a Paris museum to help conceal her father's art forgeries, and the man who helps her.
10. Movie: Andrei Rublev
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The life, times and afflictions of the fifteenth-century Russian iconographer.
11. Movie: The Professionals
Genre: Action, Adventure, Western
Description: An arrogant Texas millionaire hires four adventurers to rescue his kidnapped wife from a notorious Mexican bandit.
12. Movie: The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini
Genre: Comedy, Horror, Musical
Description: A corpse has 24 hours to mastermind a good deed without leaving his crypt, to go "up there" and have his youth restored.
13. Movie: One Million Years B.C.
Genre: Adventure, Fantasy
Description: In this remake of the 1940 film with a similar title, Prehistoric man Tumak is banished from his savage tribe and meets pretty Loana who belongs to a gentler coastal tribe but he must fight caveman Payto to win her favors.
14. Movie: Django
Genre: Action, Western
Description: A coffin-dragging gunslinger and a half-breed prostitute become embroiled in a bitter feud between a Klan of Southern racists and a band of Mexican Revolutionaries.
15. Movie: La battaglia di Algeri
Genre: Drama, War
Description: In the 1950s, fear and violence escalate as the people of Algiers fight for independence from the French government.
16. Movie: Fantastic Voyage
Genre: Adventure, Family, Sci-Fi
Description: A scientist is nearly assassinated. In order to save him, a submarine is shrunken to microscopic size and injected into his blood stream with a small crew. Problems arise almost as soon as they enter the bloodstream.
17. Movie: A Man for All Seasons
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: The story of Thomas More, who stood up to King Henry VIII when the King rejected the Roman Catholic Church to obtain a divorce and remarriage.
18. Movie: The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
Genre: Comedy, Family, Mystery
Description: Luther Heggs aspires to being a reporter for his small town newspaper, the Rachel Courier Express. He gets his big break when the editor asks him to spend the night at the Simmons mansion ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
19. Movie: Torn Curtain
Genre: Thriller
Description: An American scientist publicly defects to East Germany as part of a cloak and dagger mission to find the solution for a formula resin before planning an escape back to the West.
20. Movie: Duel at Diablo
Genre: Western
Description: In Apache territory, a supply army column heads for the next fort, an ex-scout searches for the killer of his Indian wife, and a housewife abandons her husband in order to re-join her Apache lover's tribe.
21. Movie: Death Is a Woman
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: An undercover agent is sent to investigate dope smuggling on a sun-drenched Mediterranean island. When both of his principal subjects die in mysterious reasons, he soon finds that he is also involved in a murder investigation.
22. Movie: The Blue Max
Genre: Action, Drama, Romance
Description: A young pilot in the German air force of 1918, disliked as lower-class and unchivalrous, tries ambitiously to earn the medal offered for 20 kills.
23. Movie: The Sand Pebbles
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Romance
Description: Engineer Jake Holman arrives aboard the gunboat U.S.S. San Pablo, assigned to patrol a tributary of the Yangtze in the middle of exploited and revolution-torn 1926 China. His iconoclasm and...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
24. Movie: The Glass Bottom Boat
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: After a series of misunderstandings, the head of an aerospace research laboratory begins to suspect his new girlfriend is a Russian spy.
25. Movie: Sedmikrásky
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Two girls try to understand the meaning of the world and their life.
26. Movie: Return of the Seven
Genre: Action, Western
Description: Three survivors of the initial Magnificent Seven outfit, Chico, Chris and Vin, recruit four new members in order to re-form the outfit and defend a few Mexican villages from attacks by vicious bandits.
27. Movie: The Bible: In the Beginning...
Genre: Drama
Description: Extravagant production of the first part of the book of Genesis. Covers Adam and Eve, Noah and the Flood and Abraham and Isaac.
28. Movie: Alfie
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: An unrepentant ladies' man gradually begins to understand the consequences of his lifestyle.
29. Movie: Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!
Genre: Comedy
Description: A seductive starlet flees Hollywood and causes chaos for a real estate agent.
30. Movie: Seconds
Genre: Sci-Fi, Thriller
Description: An unhappy middle-aged banker agrees to a procedure that will fake his death and give him a completely new look and identity - one that comes with its own price.
31. Movie: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
Genre: Comedy, Musical
Description: A wily slave must unite a virgin courtesan and his young smitten master to earn his freedom.
32. Movie: Grand Prix
Genre: Drama, Sport
Description: American Grand Prix driver Pete Aron is fired by his Jordan-BRM racing team after a crash at Monaco that injures his British teammate, Scott Stoddard. While Stoddard struggles to recover, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
33. Movie: The Russians Are Coming the Russians Are Coming
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: Without hostile intent, a Soviet sub runs aground off New England. Men are sent for a boat, but many villagers go into a tizzy, risking bloodshed.
34. Movie: The Chase
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: The escape of Bubber Reeves from prison affects the inhabitants of a small Southern town.
35. Movie: Cul-de-sac
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Thriller
Description: Two wounded gangsters on the run find refuge in the secluded castle of a feeble man and his wife in search of help, however, under the point of a gun nothing is what it seems.
36. Movie: La grande vadrouille
Genre: Comedy, War
Description: A RAF Bomber is shot down over Paris by the Germans. Its crew (Terry Thomas as a flight captain) land there by parachute. With the help of some French civilians (Louis De Funs in the role ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
37. Movie: This Property Is Condemned
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A railroad official, Owen Legate comes to Dodson, Mississippi to shut down much of the town's railway (town's main income). Owen unexpectedly finds love with Dodson's flirt and main ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
38. Movie: Texas Across the River
Genre: Comedy, Western
Description: The Louisiana wedding of debutante Phoebe Ann Naylor to Don Andrea de Baldasar, El Duce de la Casala is stopped by the Cavalry over a matter of honor. Don Andrea flees across the river to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
39. Movie: The Trouble with Angels
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: Two high-spirited young students at St. Francis Academy For Girls keep things hopping for the challenged Mother Superior and her staff of bewildered Sisters.
40. Movie: The Ugly Dachshund
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: Fran Garrison's all in a tizzy because her prize Dachshund, Danke, is having pups, and she has hopes of one of the pups becoming a champion. But at the vet's, her husband Mark is talked ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
41. Movie: Harper
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Lew Harper, a cool private investigator, is hired by a wealthy California matron to locate her kidnapped husband.
42. Movie: Un homme et une femme
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: A man and a woman meet by accident on a Sunday evening at their childrens' boarding school. Slowly they reveal themselves to each other, finding that each is a widow/widower. Each is slow ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
43. Movie: Way... Way Out
Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Description: In a futuristic world, the USA decides to send a married couple of astronauts to its moon base in order to prevent any improper contact with the Soviet female cosmonauts manning the USSR moon base.
44. Movie: The Fortune Cookie
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: A crooked lawyer persuades his brother-in-law to feign a serious injury.
45. Movie: Masculin féminin
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: Paul is young, just demobbed from national service in the French Army, and dishillusioned with civilian life. As his girlfriend builds herself a career as a pop singer, Paul becomes more ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
46. Movie: Voyna i mir
Genre: Drama, History, Romance
Description: A Russian Prince experiences battle against Napoleon and a troubled relationship with his father and wife. Finds acceptance of her death and eventually his chance of true love. A spoiled, ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
47. Movie: Au hasard Balthazar
Genre: Drama
Description: The story of a mistreated donkey and the people around him. A study on saintliness and a sister piece to Bresson's Mouchette.
48. Movie: Born Free
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Family
Description: Married coupleGeorge AdamsonandJoy Adamsonhave longed lived in northern Kenya for George's work as the senior game warden of the region. One of George's primary responsibilities is to ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
49. Movie: Cast a Giant Shadow
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: In 1947, following the U.N. decision to split British Palestine into separate Jewish and Palestinian states, a former U.S. Army officer is recruited by the Jews to reorganize the Haganah.
50. Movie: Stagecoach
Genre: Action, Adventure, Western
Description: On the stagecoach to Cheyenne a mixed group of passengers must work together to survive the arduous journey and the Indian attacks.
