Most Popular Feature Films Released 1994-01-01 to 1994-12-31 : 
1. Movie: The Shawshank Redemption
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
2. Movie: Pulp Fiction
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: The lives of two mob hit men, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
3. Movie: Forrest Gump
Genre: Comedy, Drama
Description: Forrest Gump, while not intelligent, has accidentally been present at many historic moments, but his true love, Jenny Curran, eludes him.
4. Movie: Léon
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Lon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. Lon and Mathilda form an unusual relationship, as she becomes his protge and learns the assassin's trade.
5. Movie: The Lion King
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: Lion cub and future king Simba searches for his identity. His eagerness to please others and penchant for testing his boundaries sometimes gets him into trouble.
6. Movie: Clerks
Genre: Comedy
Description: A day in the lives of two convenience clerks named Dante and Randal as they annoy customers, discuss movies, and play hockey on the store roof.
7. Movie: The Crow
Genre: Action, Drama, Fantasy
Description: A man brutally murdered comes back to life as an undead avenger of his and his fiance's murder.
8. Movie: Dumb &amp; Dumber
Genre: Comedy
Description: The cross-country adventures of two good-hearted but incredibly stupid friends.
9. Movie: The Little Rascals
Genre: Comedy, Family, Romance
Description: Alfalfa is wooing Darla and his "He-Man-Woman-Hating" friends attempt to sabotage the relationship.
10. Movie: Stargate
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra.
11. Movie: Legends of the Fall
Genre: Drama, Romance, War
Description: Epic tale of three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of 1900s USA and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, love and betrayal.
12. Movie: True Lies
Genre: Action, Comedy, Thriller
Description: A fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman.
13. Movie: Natural Born Killers
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media.
14. Movie: The Mask
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: Bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss is transformed into a manic superhero when he wears a mysterious mask.
15. Movie: Blank Check
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Family
Description: By accident, the 12-year-old Preston is given a blank check and when he fills in $1,000,000 - he is able to get it! He is having fun spending the money, but the gangsters who owned it want ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
16. Movie: Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Horror
Description: A vampire tells his epic life story: love, betrayal, loneliness, and hunger.
17. Movie: D2: The Mighty Ducks
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: Gordon Bombay is forced to withdraw from the minor hockey league with a knee injury. Much to his surprise, he is given the job of coach of Team USA Hockey for the Junior Goodwill Games in ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
18. Movie: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
Genre: Comedy
Description: A goofy detective specializing in animals goes in search of a missing dolphin mascot of a football team.
19. Movie: Speed
Genre: Action, Adventure, Crime
Description: A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph.
20. Movie: The Flintstones
Genre: Comedy, Family, Fantasy
Description: In this live-action feature of the cartoon show, Fred Flintstone finally gets the job he's always wanted, but it may just come at a price.
21. Movie: The Client
Genre: Crime, Drama, Mystery
Description: A young boy who witnessed the suicide of a mafia lawyer hires an attorney to protect him when the District Attorney tries to use him to take down a mob family.
22. Movie: Camp Nowhere
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: Morris "Mud" Himmel has a problem. His parents desperately want to send him away to summer camp. He hates going to summer camp, and would do anything to get out of it. Talking to his ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
23. Movie: Clear and Present Danger
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel.
24. Movie: Four Weddings and a Funeral
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Over the course of five social occasions, a committed bachelor must consider the notion that he may have discovered love.
25. Movie: Little Women
Genre: Drama, Family, Romance
Description: The March sisters live and grow in post-Civil War America.
26. Movie: Street Fighter
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts.
27. Movie: Heavenly Creatures
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Two girls have an intense fantasy life; their parents, concerned the fantasy is too intense, separate them, and the girls take revenge.
28. Movie: Wyatt Earp
Genre: Adventure, Biography, Crime
Description: Wyatt Earp is a movie about a man and his family. The movie shows us the good times and the bad times of one of the West's most famous individuals.
29. Movie: La reine Margot
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: Young Queen Margot finds herself trapped in an arranged marriage amidst a religious war between Catholics and Protestants. She hopes to escape with a new lover, but finds herself imprisoned by her powerful and ruthless family.
30. Movie: Baby's Day Out
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Crime
Description: Baby Bink couldn't ask for more; he has adoring (if somewhat sickly-sweet) parents, he lives in a huge mansion, and he's just about to appear in the social pages of the paper. Unfortunately...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
31. Movie: In the Mouth of Madness
Genre: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery
Description: An insurance investigator begins discovering that the impact a horror writer's books have on his fans is more than inspirational.
32. Movie: Ed Wood
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: An ambitious but troubled movie director tries his best to fulfill his dream, despite his lack of support.
33. Movie: Disclosure
Genre: Drama, Thriller
Description: A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life.
34. Movie: Little Giants
Genre: Comedy, Family, Sport
Description: Misfits form their own opposing team to an elite peewee football team, coached by the elite team coach's brother.
35. Movie: The Jungle Book
Genre: Adventure, Family, Romance
Description: Rudyard Kipling's classic tale of Mowgli, the orphaned jungle boy raised by wolves, and how he becomes king of the jungle.
36. Movie: The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
Genre: Comedy, Music
Description: Two drag performers and a transgender woman travel across the desert to perform their unique style of cabaret.
37. Movie: Ri¢hie Ri¢h
Genre: Comedy, Family
Description: A rich young boy finds his family targeted in an inside job and must use his cunning to save them.
38. Movie: Maverick
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
Description: Bret Maverick, needing money for a poker tournament, faces various comic mishaps and challenges, including a charming woman thief.
39. Movie: Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Genre: Drama, Horror, Romance
Description: When the brilliant but unorthodox scientist Victor Frankenstein rejects the artificial man that he has created, the Creature escapes and later swears revenge.
40. Movie: The Santa Clause
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Family
Description: When a man inadvertantly kills Santa on Christmas Eve, he finds himself magically recruited to take his place.
41. Movie: The Madness of King George
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: A meditation on power and the metaphor of the body of state, based on the real episode of dementia experienced by George III [now suspected a victim of porphyria, a blood disorder]. As he ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
42. Movie: Airheads
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Music
Description: Three band members hoping for a big break head to a radio station to play their demo tape and wind up holding everyone hostage with plastic guns when the head DJ refuses to play them.
43. Movie: Quiz Show
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: A young lawyer, Richard Goodwin, investigates a potentially fixed game show. Charles Van Doren, a big time show winner, is under Goodwin's investigation.
44. Movie: Star Trek: Generations
Genre: Action, Adventure, Mystery
Description: Captain Picard, with the help of long presumed dead Captain Kirk, must stop a madman willing to murder on a planetary scale in order to enter an energy ribbon.
45. Movie: Chung Hing sam lam
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: Two melancholy Hong Kong policemen fall in love: one with a mysterious female underworld figure, the other with a beautiful and ethereal server at a late-night restaurant he frequents.
46. Movie: Shallow Grave
Genre: Crime, Thriller
Description: Three friends discover their new flatmate dead but loaded with cash.
47. Movie: The Favor
Genre: Comedy, Romance
Description: Kathy is married to Peter. Now she can't help but wonder how things could have been if she got together with her old boyfriend, Tom. Being married prevents from doing that so she asks her ...See full summary&nbsp;&raquo;
48. Movie: The Neverending Story III
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Family
Description: A young boy must restore order when a group of bullies steal the magical book that acts as a portal between Earth and the imaginary world of Fantasia.
49. Movie: Beverly Hills Cop III
Genre: Action, Comedy, Crime
Description: Axel Foley, while investigating a car theft ring, comes across something much bigger than that: the same men who shot his boss are running a counterfeit money ring out of a theme park in Los Angeles.
50. Movie: Reality Bites
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: A documentary filmmaker and her fellow Gen X graduates face life after college, looking for work and love in Houston.
